Why would Archytas proclaim a man deceit-less be as rare as a fish without bones? Are there not many eels in the Ionian Sea? What then be said of an eely man anyhow? The bee, he bid the stone to stay, and humbly did the stone obey. The stone in turn invited flight. The bee obliged until the night. But death and dust did visit as they must, and there the bee did lay beside the stone. So humble did the stone remain. to the end of the end of the end-- at the drop of a hat i would go. to be with you i would loose it all-- all or most. see, my hat-- i will not drop my own. i stumbled out after the rain. flipped off the streetlamp; the only people who see it shine wish it wouldn't. a spitting image of a man i used to know lay in the shadows. dead. he looked at me and i took this note from his outstretched grip: if I had a dollar for every woman who loved me i'd owe you one dollar. i slid his eyes shut and i sat down beside him. i took a swig of his tonic and held out my hand for the next poor bastard to join us. Twittling his thumbs, the wayward sat stone silent against the marble wall, too wandered-out lost in a pillar of thought about fire to notice he was on it. Take this how you will, but he never once screamed. For once, as any manic wishes, the world is spinning slower slower still. No planes like drills boring into the air. No cars pushing past with a no-one at the wheel, dodging streetlamps between texts. No talking, no people; the buzzing subsides. All quiet, but still I am not listening. Sitting, shaking--who is this I'm cursing? I don't know you but I do. Capillaries overflow. I don't know how they quiver, but they do. Sitting by the phone; you never call like that, but I watch, waiting for you to. It's the sun across the sky, that smile on your face, and the feel eclipses time in a fractal space that opens to a place that you call home--it's you? Who I want to know is you. Lying backwards in my bed, awake. You quell the roar and pull me through. Listen to the rhythm beating, watching all the spirals as they do. Lying all alone. I'm more without her but I'm less--can I be that too? It's the sun across the sky, that smile on your face and the feel eclipses time in this beautiful place that opens to a place that you call home. It's you who I want to know. It's you. I see an old stone, the same old stone that rolls down my throat when a thoughts sinks. And birds fly overhead, casting shadows down to earth, dropping wishful words. Breathe me. Rolling down the throne, the lonely throne king, he will roll down the hill. Avalanches and fireflies are dead, eclipse an angel down to earth; fallen angel's words. Breathe me. Bleed me. Believe me. Leave me alone. A thousand voices around the columns. A requiem for missing souls. Ascension to the misty throne. Believe you me: though the stones may be cold, forever they will hold an angel chorus and deliverance for us when olden blinds descend on my eyes. And all the fire that we could be. And all the stones reveal to me this closing song, closing chapter to you. The cold air coils around me. I'll spend an hour not taking textiles and dyes for granted, or counting all the dollars in the streets. The sunlight is a stain. Let the televangel have the last word. Altogether, all for nothing, all for naught. I love you. I trust you. I believe you. Pay no mind to what you see behind your eyes, unless it's me. What I'd take or give to be so blessed, to walk into a room undressed, and stand amongst you sans duress, and all at ease and nothing less--if just to lay your tongues to rest. An empty easel resting on a forlorn ricket frame. A barren tripod listing vacant to the sky. An empty vessel stretched and sanded lays behind it. The colonies of mold have canvased it and you and me and this and I can't stand it. Send in the flies. Where is there hope between your folds of phallic jesting? Your hairs collected, lacquered, festering-- bullshit. A disguise for an empty peasant, begging, poor. Screaming yet sequestered in his filthy mind. No sunlight there to serve as disinfectant. Quavering, desperate, damp and tepid. Send in the flies. Through my toes I see the ground beneath my feet. The root and seed, They make good company. Had a question for the one who keeps the grounds, but I'm alone within the walls. He left without a sound. He said the right word to me. He cut me so I can bleed. He let me so I can be. Left to my own ways and means of incessantly suffering, for better or worse, it seems. Love is just a poison devoured by the brave souls who journey and leave nothing to save. Passion is a rhubarb pie, a dance with our maker, a bow to the reaper, and a kiss to the baker. What I would give to lay at your feet all that I have and maybe could be; everything present and my past, all that while, for a glimpse, for a kiss, for a slice and a vial. On my eyelids, my eyelids, I've painted my eyes, only wider and cooler in hue. I've closed off the roads to my smoldering soul, in steam extinguished by the early-morning dew. My legs are in the ground, my ears too full of sand to hear the sound of songbirds that flicker out of view. My hands lay the course for my heart, heavy with remorse for all this time that I have discarded you. Do you hear them singing on the way? My feet are too deep in stone; I have to stay. Do you hear them singing on the way? Do you hear them sing? I have to stay. Oh, my eyelids, my eyelids are heavy with the sighs of all the time that I have slept in spite of you. What's left of my soul is a smoldering coal, an ember dim enough to flicker out of view. The songbirds hum in harmony with a long-forgotten part of me that's been replaced by a leaden weight for two. My hands are trembling, tied and dry. The sun will surely rise and then I'll die outside in the early-morning dew. I could run until the sunrise to meet you in the mist of morning to see the dew drops in your eyes. I could sing a thousand lines and steep you in a sound of meaning, wading knee deep in the tide. I could scale a summit or paint a picture but what'd come of it? I could holler out your name; what would you hear but hollow words? I could do any of these things. I can do anything at all --but I feel so small. I would wait until the sunrise, lost in stillness, holding water, biting lip, unblinking eyes. I would sing under my breath to shelter ears from sour notes til not a single note was left. I should scale a summit or paint a picture, but what'd come of it? I should call you back to see me What would you see but idle hands? I could do any of these things. I can do anything at all --but I feel so small. The muse's song will fall amiss, and then? There's nothing on the page again. The fingers hold the feet hostage with a pen. The foolish say, "do not look." The seeker says, "look for a sign." The healer says, "look into your heart" The fool says, "stop looking." Grown bored of sleep, he beat his alarm to waking. And so he sets to conquer the day. Anxious in its grasp, his things take to pack. But only so much will allot to carry on. The world at his fingers in miniature keys. What to do with idle moments loading the page? All in a hurry, the traveling man, to catch a plane that leaves every hour. Silly child, you are lost but so am i. Do not ask me where you can find the way. Can't you see me sitting here? No way has found me yet. 