“Vessels and Livings ones stand familiar:
Its sole purpose to contain
To hold
To be filled.
The eternal ocean of energy, knows no boundary, calls to vessels of all kinds to be brimmed;
Then emptied.
It is called Rhun..”
Sadness can become the deepest of emotions. Irvon had somehow gone beyond sadness, though. He reached its bottom, on the breach of madness. Irvon reached the bottom and somehow found the courage to break through that sheet of ice and into the cold abyss that lie beyond. Hope once remained somewhere inside him. Thousands of years ago, maybe. Hope, like a tiny ember surrounded by darkness of despair. Now hope was a word used by those who still had something to live for: the love or acceptance of others, dependence, goals and trials, maybe even the joy found in being alive. Irvon no longer held those things. Instead a curse imprisoned him, one that lasted in the perception of man as “damn near forever.” Death would not claim him as his unfinished business would incur the wrath of his goddess. Elves, after all, were created ageless during the dawn of the Second Age, so time refused to claim him also. He roamed aimlessly around the world as if he was dreaming. As if he were in an endless nightmare. A sea of hazy memories: the rise and fall of nations, the changing of tides and the rising of mountains. Yet the things of this world paled in comparison to the penance of his sin. What he had done could never be forgiven. Nor could his pain and despair do anything but fall ever deeper into oblivion.
For a short period, feeling the pangs of exile, Irvon found companionship with the human race. Maybe he could find redemption yet. In the second age the gods of this world took it upon themselves to extract their own judgements, punishments, and revenge upon each other. The price of violence against their own soon became evident though. Eventually, in a collective effort, they created the humans whom they used like game pieces in attempts to avoid further casualty amongst the divine. The Third Age began, and humankind was but a plaything to the gods. Irvon found a connection with this bastard race. During the wars that followed in the Third Age, he took opportunity of assisting the humans. He had hoped that this would push the pain of his sin and exile out of his mind but as time carried on his torment only grew deeper, darker, inside him. Silently consumed him like a cancer until he could no longer handle the weight of his burden. Pain, death, and sadness reigned supreme outside the sanctuary of his goddess. 
Irvon eventually stopped wandering around this… nightmare world. Deciding that going someplace, but nowhere in particular, had surpassed uselessness; Irvon finally sat upon a stone in a land that once had many names and would surely continue to do so. It was but a vast field when he first arrived. The sight of a once great massacre during the setting of the Third Age. The gods finally decided to leave man to their own demise. Humankind left the blood-marred fields and began creating a world of their own. The field he first paused in was, at the time, called Hegarom, after the god that fell there. Those that followed Hegarom called that land sacred, those that opposed him called it blighted. Either way, Irvon finally found haven for his brooding depression. He sat upon a rock in the middle of the field and he allowed the darkness to finally envelope him. He did not eat, he did not drink, eventually even his breathing slowed to practically naught. His eyes remained open but he fell so deep into himself that he was living in a constant dream of abysmal despair. There the world continued to move on around him, apathetic of his self-deprived behavior. And still, the world continued to move on until the god Hegarom was more myth than reality. The true apathy of time now claimed his field as the township of Haveran. Irvon remained on his rock. And though human and the like knew of his presence they built folklore around him as the town took shape. None dare disturb him, elves were not so active a race during the Third Age and in the dawning of the Fourth Age (the Age of Man), elven folk became most scarce. There was much mystery and wonder birthed in the minds of the humans that soon called Haveran their home: this solitary elf, what could only be seen to most as an ‘ancient child’, perched upon a rock in the middle of what once was a field and now a busy town square. Never once moving, even to breathe, yet still living. A living statue of an enigmatic race mostly forgotten. Houses were built; farms, schools, markets, temples, prisons. Babies were born, elders passed on. Haveran prospered in respects to its surrounding townships. They soon made celebration of their fruitfulness (pomposity and festivity being very favored behaviors of mankind). Irvon became the center of the townsfolk positive superstitions; dare say, some fearful ones even. Irvon remained seated, the face of a tween with a golden-brown beard that ran twice his height. What once could have been called clothing was now cloth-like dustings. His body like a malnourished child with knees against his chest. Coal black eyes that stared off, unblinking, beyond the mortal vale. Pressed between his legs and his chest a box he had crafted those many ages ago; a box that contained the product of his sin. The bones of his apprentice, Ubis.
Irvon knew he was dreaming and cared not for how long. The dream was always the same, the only thing that ever changed was the severity of its pain. Ninuea, his mother… his goddess, arrived the moment of Irvon and Ubis’ transgression; taking only fractions of a second for her anger to manifest. Ubis lay limp in his Master’s arms. Not injured, not damaged, not dead. Undead. He weakly moved his fingers, hands, arms and legs. His mouth lay wide open, his tongue rolling around in it; his jaw sometimes closing and opening wide again as if trying to form speech. And his… eyes. Blank, empty, Rhunless eyes… Elves were never created to cry but Irvon’s body ached all over from the growing guilt of what had just been done. What he was unable to have done for his dear friend… his apprentice, Ubis.
It should have worked! We had it all formulated without doubt… There was no remainder for errors… yet… 
Yet they had failed. He had failed, yet unaware of the dreadful repercussions to soon follow. Ninuea Goddess of the forests and all its wonders. The Fourth of the Mighty Seven that remained to make this world their own. But her manifestation was not one of tranquility and love, as were the only two actions any thought her capable of. Particles of the air around him took on a ‘thicker’ form. A presence of warmth on the edge of heat, static energy causing every part of his being to vibrate. The trees, though rooted deep, seemed to try and bend away from Ninuea’s presence; cowering in fear as if they were the ones who failed her. All the living things she had created, all that adored her very name, fled in terror of this wrath they never dreamed would come from their mother. Yet the wrath was surely present, it almost superseded its wielder. Her voice, nay, the cacophony of her displeasure inhabited his mind. So strong, so loud it did not ring into his ears but between them!
“I would ask what you have done but we both know the answer! I would ask you why but we know this as well. No proper excuse can be conjured by your deceitful tongue. If you were not of my own being I would know you as my enemy. Though I were absent for some time you always knew you were not forsaken. Yet you have forsaken me, all of mine. My children were never made to be broken, especially not by the hands of their own. Ubis was my vessel, he contained a part of what I once held as my own, as do you. 
“Vessels and Livings Ones stand familiar: Its sole purpose to contain, to hold, To be filled. The eternal ocean of energy knows no boundary, calls to vessels of all kinds to be brimmed; then emptied. It is called Rhun. In birth of a new vessel, Rhun is present. Something infinite becomes individual. An individual that creates and destroys to its own means. And when its path of conception and annihilation comes to an end, Rhun evacuates. Like a clay jug of water is poured into the ocean, Rhun returns unto itself. One cannot simply dip the jug back into the ocean and expect its original contents to be preserved. 
I tell you now, child, the quest you are now set upon is truly a curse. Return to the ocean with my vessel, which you have broken. Return to Rhun and bring me back what is mine. Baptize my empty pot and bring back to me what you have so recklessly poured out. You are not welcome into my bosom until you have done this. You will wander out of my blessed lands, forever burdened by sins you have committed against your own, to yourself, to your creator. Until you have fetched for me that which you so carelessly threw away you shall not know the faces of your kin; shall no longer know the love I have gifted you for so long.” 
Before Irvon could plea. Before he could explain to her what had happened, what they had tried to accomplish, to apologize for his transgression, the seeds of fear and despair became planted deep within him. New emotions he had never known to exist. The pain ran deeper than any injury he had ever taken. He crumpled over Ubis, paralyzed in pain.
“Now, be gone from me sinful one! Be gone!”
A final blast of mentally searing heat and electricity overcame him. Irvon clasped his eyes shut. It was only in his mind, yet every part of him burned, as if submerged in boiling oil. He cried out in torment and pain. As Ninuea’s anger blasted towards him, ever stronger, she felt more distant to him than ever. He shut his eyes even tighter. He tried to scream, tried to protest, to apologize. An elf's first ever attempt to cry out in agony. But he was now completely overwhelmed by the goddess’s final touch upon him. Not a blessing of love and acceptance but a searing boundless curse of hatred and disappointment.
Then the dream ends in darkness. Irvon, surrounded once again by the fortress of disparity he had created. There he would remain until he decided to live the moment once again as if to somehow bring himself atonement.
“No!” A voice boomed from the darkness “Stop this insanity now, elfkind! I have finally found the reason for my troubled slumber and I command you to stop this instant!”
Irvon was gobsmacked. This was not his normal self-deprived cycle occurring. Something, someone was trying to contact him. But why? Who would be tormented by his own pain?
“I… I don’t understand…” he started.
“I do not ask you to understand, speck! I ask of you, NAY, BEG of you to halt your inclement nightmares for my sake! Never have I lived to dream of being tormented so by any of creation.”
Then something happened that Irvon never planned to be part of his nightmare: The darkness parted, light blinded his atrophied dream eyes. He lifted up hands to protect the sight he forgot he ever had. And when hands finally lowered Irvon stood amazed by the sight before him:
A Serpent took up his entire perception. Instead of darkness he stood suspended, surrounded, by… An Auroral Snake! One with the length of itself immeasurable. Crystalline scales weaved in and out of each other. As Irvon began to look around he was unable to track an end to this creature, it took up his vision from all directions!
“Over here,” the booming voice directed, “look upon me and I will share with you the remedy to both our troubles.”
Irvon could not believe his eyes. He was surely still dreaming. The size of the Auroral serpent was monstrous. A feathered mane shimmered in a rainbow variety of colors from a light that seemed to have no source. It’s five eyes were like deep pools of the bluest sky and were placed as if each one were the point on a star upon its forehead. It’s forked tongue dangled from gaped mouth, fangs protruded like tipped ivory towers.
“Do not be frightened,” the disembodied voice came from the serpent’s direction, “I will only be thy enemy if you refuse to comply with my request, godling. I am the Dream Serpent, once known as Ikalpani. Created by a god in the First Age of this planet. A god whom has long left this world for others and, itself, forgotten of his time spent here. I was given dominion not only over dreaming but bringing those dreams into the realm of reality. Your quest, your… curse, is infinitesimal to my powers. If you desire to accomplish the impossible I am here to offer you the chance. You need only to find me and I will make it so.”
“Where… where can I find you? Where have you been all of this time?” Irvon started.
“That is a question harder to answer than to ask. I tell you now. I remain somewhere, alive on your world, but I slumber. I have never known your world in waking since my creation; therefore I have never known my true place in this waking dimension. But I implore you, upon my own honor, favor me. Find my waking body and present to me your true desire. It shall come to pass. Your pain has reached deeper than any living dreamer I have ever known since my creation. It has disturbed my own dreams, nightmares that bring feelings of deepest sadness into my very Rhun. Awaken now, sad one, awaken and free us both from the curse set upon you. Awaken!”
Kimbal the Bruise was a bastard of a boy. On the brink of his awakening into manhood one would surely take pity and forgive the young buck for his shortcomings. That seemed to never be the case for Kimbal, though. He looked to be an active boy. Surely, one always up to no good is a busy kind indeed. Average in height to most boys his age. Since his birth he has seen fourteen autumns. His hair dark brown and cow-licked every which way, the boy had high-spirited brown eyes to match his riotous nature. His Father always told him:
“My boy you know why your eyes are so brown, don’t ya?” no matter how many times he asked and never got a reply he would pause for a moment as if to give his son a chance to answer. “It’s ‘cause you’re full of shit, boy. Filled to the very top with it.”
Then he would messy up his already unkempt head of hair and pop him in the hind quarters as the boy ran off to cause more trouble. But when your boy weaves such an amazing story, even though false, you can’t help but admire the raw creativity you had long put aside to become a working kind of man.
Kimbal the Bruise got his name from the sole fact that he always seemed to be wearing one somewhere. It was not always because he was in a brawl with other boys, he was just naturally so… reckless.
Tomorrow was the first moon of autumn. Kimbal would soon be considered by the rest of Haveran as a young man and no longer a boy. Soon he would be pressured by time to start getting his act together, that meant no more dicking around. The first moon of Autumn was also the celebration of Rovin, the night they give thanks to the patron of the Township, the reason they had a successful harvest and hunting year; the goofy, creepy elf on a rock that perched in the very center of Haveran. Rovin the elf, the living statue of a race that seemed to only exist otherwise in rumor or tale. Always on that damned rock. Always staring. 
Many of the boys who are about to come of age are expected to accomplish one thing this night, a rite of passage only enforced by the adolescent. Tonight, Kimbal would meet up with Randi, Yoder, and a few of the other men-to-be in the center of town. They would each stare into the elves invariable black eyes and recite the old rhyme to Rovin. If they broke gaze with him even once many a boy fancied all sorts of terrible things could happen. Kimbal was maybe not the best in a staring contest but he had won a few in his day and he was more than confident that the scary old elf was not as hard to beat as Emberly Tadlow. That girl gave him the crazy creeps. Yes, it is true that he accidentally (intentionally) spilt water on her gown to break her stare and win that contest. He was clumsy, after all.
The big boys all met at sunset behind the new Grenger Market House. A baker was usually willing to part with his stale sweet cakes when the shop closed. They would spoil their dinner while they ribbed and jibed each other before the street lanterns were lit and they had to go home. This evening there seemed to be a little tension in the air given off by the oldest of them. Most of the crew had at least thirteen to fifteen autumns on them.
“Listen up Fin, Yoder, Handly and The Bruise,” the tallest of them started, “my older brothers have all done it. They say it’s all just kiddy stuff anyway, though they would also never stop calling us cowards if they knew we never followed through.” He stuffed another crusty sweet cake into his gob and spoke around the food in his mouth, “If something bad happens, if you do it wrong, or if nothing happens we still got to do it… tonight.”
Kinbal the Bruise nudged the tall one as he swiped the last roll from the boy’s open hand, “Well, Randi… I don’t know. What about Vincent from a few autumns back? Vincent Nolan. They say that he broke gaze with the elf while reciting the chant and two days later…” He popped the stolen cake into his mouth and broke manners as well, “... a horse sat on him while he was re-shoeing it.”
Randi, appalled only by the theft of his last baked good, nudged Kindal off balance. He tiptoed and teetered back to composure. “That was my last one, son of a bitch!”
“Randi you can’t be saying those things!” A shorter and much younger in the group piped up “You know that is a trouble word….. Ouch!”
Randi had the boy in a headlock like lightning. The younger boy’s face became immediately flushed in red. Whether from embarrassment or blood quickly rushing to his head, all the others found it quite entertaining.
“And I would only be in TROUBLE... If you happened to TATTLE on me.” Randi retorted.
“Alright, alright, Randi lay off your brother for a minute.” Another older boy interjected, this one looking to have enjoyed many a sweet cake in his time “Also what about Barry Collins from just a couple autumns back? He got trampled under by a four-horse carriage runnin’ cross the street chasing a neighbor’s cat. He is still alive, by gods, but he can’t even put on his own trousers without help from his mum.”
Randi released his younger brother and settled back up against the market house wall. A brief silence fell over the group.
“Well, Yoder, fellas, these things happen, with or without the elf. Anyway, men, like I already said: Any of you want to be known as a coward by your elders?... I would much rather be trampled by a thousand horses.”
All the boys agreed. Cowardice was not an option given to those known as men. Each one of them would stare into Rovin’s abysmal eyes and recite the chant tonight or face embarrassment for the rest of their lives. The crew agreed to meet at the monument when the moon was at its peak.
Kimbal was far from scared. Tonight he would face the elf and wake up the next day a man.
The moon before the first of Autumn sat high in the brisk night sky. Handly, Yoder, Randi, and Kimbal stood almost frozen before the mystical elf that perched in the middle of the town square. Many tents and wagons were set up for tomorrow's festivities. An occasional street lantern broke up most of the darkness of night that surrounded Rovin’s stone perch. Yet some sort of darkness remained in the center. As if the elf was giving off a soft glow of anti-light. There was no reason to worry over the town guards breaking up the little gathering. After all, the town guards were boys once too. And, to many in the humble town of Haveran, tradition often took seniority over law.
“Okay,” Started Handly, his long blonde hair braided for bedtime dangled down as they huddled together speaking in hushed tones. “Who goes first? That’s the question of the hour.”
Kimbal immediately stood up. Breaking the facade of subtlety he spoke out in a deep and proud tone, “Me. I will go first. The sooner we get this done with, the sooner I can go to bed… I have chores in the morning.” In all honesty, Kimbal The Bruise did have chores in the morning, but if anything, he wished to get this whole thing over with in hopes it would calm the newfound anxiety he felt in the pit of his chest.
“No surprise there,” Yoder spoke matter-of-factly, “Bruise is the first to rush in and the first to get hurt. Go ahead Kimbal, we will be watching.”
Kimbal concealed a tight throat swallow and broke from the group. He slowly approached the living statue of Rovin from the side and watched as his profile came head-on with the elf. He averted his eyes up to the moon one last time as he crouched down to eye level with him. A deep breath was taken to calm his nerves and slowly he moved his vision from that of the gentle starry sky into the obsidian eyes of Rovin, the stoic patron of Haveran. The fear, he thought overcome by his sense of duty, suddenly struggled to come out. It was one thing to view the elf from afar but to almost be touching noses with him was a whole other experience. The eyes of one staring off into an unfathomable distance. One so far that it had come full circle and back to its point of origin. Kimbal needed to finish this quick, finish it without falter before he lost composure. So, he spoke, in an almost theatrical tone:
“Rovin, spark.
Eyes of dark.
Light grows dimmer
As you shimmer.
For our souls, for our sake
I command you now to come AWAKE!”
The chant was complete. No harm done. He took a deep breath of cold air, closed his eyes and began to stand up. But as he stood and opened his eyes, the living statue of Haveran blinked. Starred up... at him! The world began to spin. This was it, he was sure to die. Kimbal arched back, losing his footing, and fainted to the cobbles under his feet.
The elf stood, staring at the fainted boy for a second and then towards the boys that stood like statues themselves. “What… is this place… who are you all?” an old man’s voice came from the bearded child’s mouth.
The boys ran screaming in all directions. The legend, Rovin, had risen from his slumber. Soon, all Haveran would follow suit brought awake by the shouts that traveled down each sleepy street and empty alley way.
Irvon awoke. A human boy stared down at him for one moment then toppled back like a sack of potatoes. How peculiar, he mused. Then, quite slowly he began to look around him. The field he once exiled himself to was no longer there; instead there were clay shingled houses, wagons, large tents and lanterns. Did someone move him at some point without disturbing him? Or… Had he been so far gone for so long within himself that the world moved in around him? He caught a glimpse of three other human boys just a few leaps away from him. He breathed in the cold autumn air like a newborn takes its first gasp and then said, “What… is this place… who are you all?”
The children ran screaming bloody-murder in different directions. None of them seemed concerned for their fainted comrade. Though much time had passed since he once stood, even walked, he rose to his feet with little effort, still holding the box to his chest.
No use in taking off just yet, Irvon mused. It was only a matter of time before the frightened boys alerted the elder people of their village. They would come to see what the commotion was about and he would have a chance to get a few questions answered. Ones that came to mind seconds after his awakening.
Half-awake townsmen, women and children shuffled their way to the square. They groaned and muttered the punishments such boys would get if this was all a prank. But when each one arrived at the center of the town all talking was replaced by gasps of awe. The patron elf had indeed removed himself from his place on the rock and now stood by its side, his wooden box tucked under his arm, practically naked (unless you consider a great beard clothing) and malnourished form exposed to the light of street lamps, lanterns, and the stellar lights above. The awe-inspired silence continued for what seemed like hours, yet was only mere minutes.
“My boy!” came a shout from the crowd. A woman nearing the end of her summer years, brown hair in a bun for sleeping and dressed for bed, took a panicked move towards Kimbal. Poor Kimbal, he had bumped his head in the faint! Nothing serious, though, but it was sure to leave a mark!
A man’s arm came around to still her, “Okay, Margrette, I’ll go get the boy.” It was Kimbal’s father. He stepped out of the circle of towns people, kneeled down and lifted the Bruise up over his shoulder. He did so without a single sign of embarrassment. He broke that habit long ago when Kimbal ran the age of five.
“The boy’s just in shock, Margie dear, let’s get him home… he’ll be fine.” 
This all took place in one surreal event within the town square. An elf that was sure to have been forever crouched in one single spot had somehow just… got up and moved from it. The people of Haveran, in that moment, looked upon the father retrieving the boy in silence, almost as if that was the reason they had all gathered there in the first place. But in each of their minds they knew why they were there. Rovin… need anyone say more? But maybe if they all looked away for a short time and then looked back… There the elf stood, surely fit like a fly on shit, and stared back at all of them. In that moment, someone did hear a mouse fart. Then a voice arose from the mouth of Rovin:
“Who amongst you is the leader of your clan?” 
Once again there was silence for none had ever imagined what Rovin sounded like. His voice cut through the crisp early morning air and seemed to echo off into the alleyways along the main street.
Eventually, a man dressed in fine sleeping garments of silk stepped forward. He had seen at least sixty autumns, balding, with white bushy eyebrows to match a moustache that covered his lips.
“I would be him, Lord Rovin. My name is Viceroy Morris Grail, I am head of Haveran, the town you have been sentinel to for autumns long passed. A couple hundred at least. We never realized, I mean we never expected… We welcome you… I am sure you have as many questions as I… Is there something you wish of us in this very moment of your return?”
 Rovin? Lord Rovin? I wonder why they call me this? Doubtful any of them know my real name and those that would call me by it no longer think of me let alone need to speak it. I muse that correcting them now would bear little fruit. He looked around at the humans that gawked at him and shrugged. “Beet soup.” He replied
“Beet…” Viceroy Morris Grail started (others could be heard whispering the same thing as if repeating it would make some sort of sense) “… soup?”
“Yes,” the elf replied, “beet soup, and a quiet place for me to think.”
_____The Company of Strangers_____
The Dreaming Elf Inn had been entirely evacuated aside from the staff, Viceroy Morris, Rovin… And a man. Those that knew his old name wanted his blood. Those that knew him by his new name admired the ethic and dependability of his craft. His name was Auron, simply just. He lacked a true title to familiar ties due to the essence of his past, and his raising. There were those who would have considered themselves solid and dangerous. Auron had to always be more solid, even more dangerous than them. It was required in his line of work. He sat in the far corner of the Dreaming Elf Inn. A short-pipe of local herbs billowed out its sweet and harsh aroma with the occasional toke and decorated his salt and pepper bearded face. He was dressed like a man who spent most of his days outside the comforts of urban living. Dressed in breathable dark cloth and travel-worn, feathered hide cloak. A clay red plainsman hat tilted forward on his head suggesting that he was in the middle of a mild nap or just resting his eyes. A long sword lay sheathed around his waist along with a dark oaken sap and steel knuckle duster. A boar spear leaned against the wall beside him and his travel bag. Each tool of his trade gave off the vibe that they had all been used not just frequently in their time but lethally. He watched as all other tenants were coaxed and bribed out of their lodging to elsewhere. Most travelers gave little protest as Viceroy Morris made his announcement of the elf, Rovin, and the compliance of his request for seclusion and soup. When the bulk of the guests had left, Viceroy Morris finally made his way over to the solitary man’s table.
“Ella, Thomas,” he said looking back to the two remaining members of his staff, “please get some beet soup started for our honored guest and prepare his room.”
The two went their separate ways as requested. Thomas made sure the elf was seated comfortably at the Inn’s finest banquet table before taking off towards the kitchen. The elf seemed to want to interject something for a moment and then relaxed in his chair, awkwardly. Human seats and tables seemed a bit oversized to his type. Ella scurried up the stairs. Viceroy Morris now turned his full attention back to the stranger in the corner that had silently refused to leave.
“I do apologize for any inconvenience, sir mercenary, but I have requested for all who have roomed here to kindly relocate. I will gladly pay for any boarding of your choosing to ease any discomfort this might cause you…”
“Then you are offering to pay for my room here? That is a kind offer Mayor Morris.” Auron interrupted between a toke of his pipe.
“Well… that is not exactly what I was suggesting. If you would please find another Inn to stay at I will be sure to compensate you for the hardship. You see…” He looked over towards the elf seated on the far side of the banquet hall “Rovin…”
“The elf?” almost patronizing.
“… yes. The elf. He has requested a quiet place to compose himself after his arduous ordeal. It's not all too polite for people to be around talking, gawking, carrying on and what have you…”
“Does it look like I am the kind to talk, gawk and what have you? As anyone observing would point out I believe you are the one doing just that. I sit here. I tend to mind my own, Mayor. And if you beg to differ then you dare to question the honor of my word. I care not that an elf is in this dining room.” He looked up then, tipping his hat up to show his one green eye (the other under dark wrapping). Smoke puffed up towards Viceroy Morris as if intentional. “I do care that you disturbed me while I was in the middle of deep thought. I suggest you take your own advice and leave those at peace as they are.”
Viceroy Morris took a hasty and hard swallow and slowly backed away, not in fear but in customary apology. “You are indeed right, mercenary, it seems some people are capable of handling this all lightly. I am sorry if I lumped you in with the common folk. Please continue to stay here. I will be sure to have Thomas attend to you when he has finished Lord Rovin’s meal.”
With that, Auron stared over at the front windows as if noticing something, then tipped his hat back down over his face and went back to ‘deep thinking.’
“Much appreciated, chief.”
Viceroy looked over his shoulder in the direction that Auron had glanced. Haveran citizens and travelers alike were mashed up against the windows like starving orphans in front of a bakery display. Lamp light moved about outside, casting collective or disembodied shadows onto the Inn floor. The disgruntled Mayor strode up to the door, took a deep breath, and stepped outside.
The township of humble Haveran! A place where no one ever seems to be in a hurry. Especially on a strange night like tonight. It’s always easy to pick out a visitor, they are the ones walking as if they had a purpose; like they had someplace to be. Maybe the visitor is not, in their own sense, in a rush. They have just arrived in town. Traveling days and nights worth can drive any humble person to look for proper lodging. A room with a bed, maybe even a bath, and clean clothes… Or maybe a visitor following the gentle tug of destiny, like a soft siren’s song. Walking like one did have purpose, though they could not honestly divulge its nature if asked. Not like anyone was inclined to, anyhow.
Avah Adalyn was indeed this stranger come to Haveran. At the age of twenty-two she was more than capable for fending for herself. After leaving the home of her childhood and recently passed mother she took with her two things aside her travel bag: A letter that had been read so many times it resembled tissue cloth more than parchment and, most importantly, her wayward father’s Golden and Ivory hand sickle. A precious family heirloom she had pilfered from his pack on the last night she ever saw him. So many summers ago. Every passing of the year she would pray that he would come back for it as if it was insurance of his return. It was so very important to him. She was so very important to him… or maybe not? He never did return… For her or the family heirloom. Sometimes she wondered if he had finally grown too old to come see her one last time. Other times, she wondered if something dreadful, just awful, happened to him forever halting his homecoming. Yet, on most occasions of late, she considered that he had moved on from her. That he finally fell into place back in his true home. With his true family. That he wanted nothing to do with her any more.
Avah stood taller than most men. A view more athletic than thin or shapely. Her years living off the Eastern Forests of Ninoa formed her into a more hardy and beautiful proportion of endurance and strength. A body and mind accustomed to hunting its food and struggling to bend the will of nature around them. Even with this being said, many would see her and swear she was a specimen of elegance and softness. She held herself in perfect posture like the ease of a bird taking wing to the air. She seemed to glide swiftly down the street as opposed to the average way one walked or composed themselves.
Her beauty was not just found in her pink cherry blossom lips, her silver/blue eyes, strong jaw line and soft chin. The truest form of her beauty was found in the sweet, warm, aura that covered every inch of her being. A beauty that called for one to look upon it, yet only once. Not in awe or admiration but in respect. Respect that something so simply beautiful need not demand more attention than it's worth. And to someone better traveled than the locals of Haveran, a respect for someone who clearly had the blood of the Kinfolk running through her veins. Her raven black hair was long. So long, in fact, she had never cut it. She kept it in a braid looped around her left shoulder like a small length of rope. 
For someone of her breed she was dressed in rags but to the common folk of Haveran she was (in respects to the wear and tear of travel) garbed quite well. Homespun cloths and leathers dyed the darkest shades of browns, greens, and blacks. Colors of the forest floor in twilight hours.
She had walked into a bizarre setting. Some townsfolk, even at this late hour of the night, walked about the neighborhoods under lantern and lamp light. All of them still in their sleeping garments. Most of them seemingly too occupied with silent, yet, excited conversation to notice her gentle movement in the night shadowed streets. She moved down the softly lit main street of Haveran, mind set on a warm bed and some hot food. Though she passed by the pajamaed townspeople out and about so late, Avah did not take note of this on her trek further towards the center of town. That was until she came close to a crowding of people outside the lantern lit front door and extended lawn of what looked to be an Inn. 
She was all the sudden relieved and anxious at once. As she moved in closer to the crowd she noticed one man that stood above them. Hands extended out in an act of welcoming and pacifying. Thick, bushy, white eyebrows to match the moustache that draped over his mouth. He began to speak and she moved in closer to hear him.“Men, ladies, we might all be in awe of this glorious occasion. I would be lying if I told you I too am not beside myself with many thoughts and emotions… But, good people. My fair and humble people of Haveran I ask that you show restraint in your gawking!” He started to raise his voice and looked back in almost an apologetic flinch towards the Inn doorway. “Keep in mind that this elf we have not just built our town, and even our traditions, around deserves the same respect and privacy that any other individual would require of us. It is never polite to gawk at a guest you have for dinner as much as it is embarrassing to be staring into my windows with no discretion. Adults and children alike!” he caught himself raising his voice again slowly in volume and quieted back down to a hush. “… so, please. Go to your homes, go about your day like the others that know better. And shame on you all for making fools of yourselves to such a distinguished guest.”
Then, like he was scaring away vermin birds, he used his hands in a sweeping motion and walked the crowd out into a broken half circle. The half circle soon dissolved into small groups of mumbling townsfolk, then a couple here or there sharing mutters of silent protest or excuses, then the last of the stragglers; the ones that thought a final soft fit would get them somewhere with him. Eventually he almost met paths with Avah. He took sight of her for a moment and smiled warmly at seeing someone so pleasant. He noticed then she was not from Haveran and cleared his throat.
“I assume you are not from here, Welcome to Haveran,” the gruff, fine dressed, man started. “My name is Viceroy Morris Grail, this is my town and… those.” He dismissed with a hand swipe towards the way behind her “… are my townspeople. I am glad you have come and we look forward to any goods or services we can offer each other while you are here. I do ask that you go to another Inn, I am afraid The Dreaming Elf is closed to the public now. Nothing horrible, mind you, but sensitive nonetheless. May I suggest another fine, almost equally nice, place for you to stay? Just down the east side of this main square you will find the Silver Chair.”
Avah nodded and looked him in the eyes the entire time. He seemed nervous, maybe stressed or tired. “Did I hear you mention something about an elf, here?”
Viceroy Morris cleared his throat a tad and looked off to one side for a moment. Taking in a deep breath he looked back towards her. “Yes, it is true. The elf Rovin that has sat upon the rock in that square, there, has broken from his spell… Or whatever it was. That elf was on that rock hundreds of years before we ever came here to start this town. As curious as this all may seem I ask that you remain respectful while you are here and carry on with your business as usual…”
He dug into his pocket and pulled out two silver bars. “This will cover two days, one night, at the Silver Chair. Once again welcome to our humble town, I am very busy and must be off to attend to… things. Good day miss.” He bowed his head low to her and headed back towards the doorway of The Dreaming Elf. Where one, wide awake now, was said to be inside.
Avah hefted the two silver bars in her hand lightly for a second and pocketed them. I could go stay at the Silver Chair free of cost…. Or… She fancied, I could keep the two bars and sneak into the Dreaming Elf… With a wild nature like Avah’s, curiosity offered a constant source of entertainment and joy to her life. She always found thrill thriving in silence and would surely cause zero alarm. She would get the sleep, food and bath she wanted. And she would see this elf with her own eyes. Even in the Eastern woods of Ninoa she had never seen elf folk with her own eyes. Heard stories, maybe, but never seen one. Or spoken with one. A small ember of excitement grew in her chest where there was once fatigue and hunger. She followed the Viceroy’s directions off towards the Silver Chair but decided to take a detour. And then a quiet stroll back around and to the rear alleyway of the Dreaming Elf Inn. There she made her entrance. Like the soft gust that blew she quietly shimmied up to the nearest opened window and floated in.
As convenient as any sneak would hope, the room was empty; all tenants were asked to leave after all. A hot bath was already drawn in the tub, poor sucker got moved out before they could enjoy any of the amenities offered. And some fresh bread and fruits were placed on a platter atop a small table and chair set across from the bed. ‘A want to discover the unknown is always rewarded’, she found herself quoting her father. She soaked her aching muscles, she fed her hunger and finally rested her body in heavy slumber.
Back downstairs, Auron silently observed the elf from across the banquet room. This, Rovin, was indeed of the elven race. It was satisfyingly comical to see him seated in the grandest large chair at the grandest large banquet hall table. Only the top half of his head was visible. A wooden box sat on the table, slightly taller than the top of his head. Soft golden-brown hair, ear tips that tapered off at a thin point, and two large childlike eyes boasting of charcoal black peered out across the table, outside a window of the Inn. There was a stillness that took over the room for a fraction of a moment and then the elf shimmied down off the grand chair, reached up to retrieve the wooden box, and walked over towards a table a few steps closer to the mercenary. Auron kept his hat low and avoided any direct observation as Rovin seemed more pleased with the new table and set of chairs. They were shorter, one of the tables used in the far corner of the Dreaming Elf for seating children of visiting patrons.
At closer observation, Auron realized the reclusive race of the elfkind truly did boast agelessness. Not only was Rovin in proportion to a child but also bore the face of one as well. No wrinkle of age or stress marred its ancient face. Clothed only in a golden-brown beard that he carried bunched up in one arm… It was in many ways so comical that even Auron had trouble controlling a soft chuckle of bizarre amusement. He succeeded.
A swinging door to the Inn’s kitchen hurried open and Thomas emerged carrying a steaming bowl. He walked, first, to the grand banquet table but noticed with visible surprise that the elf was no longer seated there. He moved his head around until he noticed the elf. He was now seated at one of the children’s tables on the opposite side of where he first sat. Vapors wafted the room as a bewildered Thomas and the soup advanced towards the table. The smell was sweet, bitter, earthy. Auron slowed his breathing and toked his short-pipe to clear the air of that horrid beet smell. Auron allowed his eye to stray up towards the two where Thomas had placed the bowl down and stood for a second. Rovin stared up at him as if at a loss of what to say. Then the Innkeep spoke up:
“Here’s your beet soup, Lord Rovin,” he started almost apologetically in tone. “we do not have much a demand for the soup… but I did have a recipe my grandpap kept for it. Was a favorite of his…” He paused for a second hoping the elf would try his first bite and be pleased with it.
Rovin glanced down at the soup for a second and then glanced back up at Thomas. Then Thomas slowly nodded to acknowledge the elf’s gaze and then he looked into the bowl of soup with horror shadowing his face. “Oh, my Lord, a dead fly! It has…”
“Stop addressing me like that, please. I am far from being anyone's lord.” He interrupted. A bearded child speaking to a grown man like a child. “and as for the dead fly…” The elf slowly brought his small finger down into the bowl and held aloft the motionless specimen from his soup. In the blink of an eye the seemingly dead fly took aggravated wing away from the two of them and came to land on Auron’s table. Where it remained, almost motionless. “It was not dead it’s wings were just wet, see? Thank you for the soup. Please, leave me in peace I have much on my mind. I will see myself to the room you have given me the key to. Good night.”
“Good… good night Lo… Master Rovin. Once again apologies for the fly. I can get you another bowl… Mayhaps you require something else?... Oh, dear…” He continued to stammer as he was nodded away softly by the bearded youngling.
“That is all, Thank you Thomas…” He almost felt bad for the people of Haveran. These people that placed so much blind homage and trust into an elf they did not truly know. Whatever stories or superstitions they had constructed about him thus far were irreversible. And it was determined then that trying to persuade these people of anything: his true nature, his past, ties, and even name, were futile at best.
Rovin watched as Thomas went back through the swinging door of the kitchen and as Ella returned from upstairs to join him. Then he moved the wooden box across from him and turned his attention to the beet soup before him. Medium slices of gold and red beet floated in an amber broth. He placed the spoon given to him into the soup and brought out a smaller of the slices and some liquid. He gently blew on the serving and took a long and sharp sip of the broth. His expression never changed, nothing gave hint to him either liking or disliking the soup… Staring at the box across from him, he slowly opened his mouth and took the entire beet slice into his mouth. As he chewed, once again, he showed neither favor nor disgust.
“Its… Missing something…” He mumbled towards his imaginary companion (the box) “Not sure what though…” The elf took another spoonful of the soup and swished it around to clear his mouth of any remaining pieces of stewed beet. “can’t seem to put my finger on it though…” Then the elf looked straight in the direction of the only other patron of the Dreaming Elf Inn and spoke in his direction.
“Listen, good man, I am aware both of us enjoy our seclusion as a precious commodity. But if you have not heard I have been…. Away, for so long now that I fear my taste buds have some catching up to do. I wonder could you give this a taste and tell me what you think?”
Auron placed the clay red plainsman hat square on his head and looked with his one eye towards the honored and celebrated elf of Haveran. He let out a slight, annoyed, sigh. Not from the elf’s request but because he had finally burned through all the herb packed into his pipe. He patted the ashen contents onto a small tray littered with crumbs and cloth napkin and set to repacking his short-pipe from a small satchel from somewhere beneath his feathered hide cloak.
Not looking up from his task he simply replied, “No, I’d rather not.” Then he paused to pull out a match stick and gazed back up at the dark eyes of Rovin. “Thanks, anyway.” A large pillar of smoke shot out of the short-pipe from the first toke and it mixed with the tendrils that escaped Auron’s half opened mouth and nostrils.
Then followed silence, with the occasional slurping sounds produced from Rovin as he continued to mull over his soup and its contents. Auron occasionally casted his good eye at the elf. Rovin continued to make long, sharp, slurping sounds with each spoonful brought to his mouth. He stared at Auron with a deadpan expression. Then Auron broke the silence once again.
“So, Rovin, was it? My name is Auron. Just Auron,” he started, “do you come here often?”
Auron watched a slight, soft, smile animate the elf’s thick golden-brown beard. Rovin took another high-pitched sip of his soup and placed the spoon down beside the bowl. “Often enough to be famous. Unconscious enough to not know why.” He then picked up the bowl and finished off the last of the beet soup.
“And you?” the elf asked back
“Not one to traipse around any place for too long, though my reputation tends to stick around long after I leave most.”
They both allowed a short space of silence to come back between them as they assessed each other. The Viceroy could occasionally be heard outside still encouraging the gawkers to go about their own business. Eventually the shine of lamp light and commotion outside faded off. Outside the window Auron noticed that only the Mayor and a tall, beautiful, woman remained. Viceroy dug into his pocket for something and gave it to her then turned around and headed back towards the Inn. He entered slowly and when the door had closed he leaned his back up against it and lifted closed eyes heavenward as if to make silent prayer. Then he looked toward where he had last left Rovin the patron elf of Haveran, noticed he was no longer there and moved his eyes over to the two men that now sat two tables across from each other.
“I beg your pardon, mercenary, but have you broken the trust I had placed in you to leave this man in peace?”
Auron continued to gaze at the elf in stoic repose “He came over to me,” He started “Asked me if I would try his soup.”
“Yes,” Roven chimed in, “I did decide to speak with him of my own free will.” Two coal black eyes moved to gaze at the Mayor. “Thank you for your kindness and hospitality, Viceroy Morris Grail. If you please, we were in the middle of private conversation…”
The troubled Morris paused for a moment, uncomfortably, then nodded in agreement and quietly made his way back into the kitchen to join his employees. Before stepping all the way in through the door he looked back to add one last thing. “If you require anything else, Lord Rovin, anything at all please, do not hesitate to ask.”
“Are you as good as you put yourself on to be, mercenary?” Rovin asked.
“Please, your lordship,” his sarcasm evident, “I am a man of the world. Though I am known by many, in good and bad respects mind you, I will also be one that dies alone in the wilderness like the beast that I am.”
“I wish to hire your services.” The elf stated bluntly
“For how long?”
“As long as it takes.”
“As long as it takes to do what?”
“Accomplish the task set before me.”
Auron chuckled heartily and leaned back in his wooden chair, bringing his feet up onto the table in front of him. “A ‘need to know basis’ kind of job, eh?” he mused “and how much are you willing to pay?”
The elf looked back at the violence-weathered man before him with unwavering eyes. In that moment Auron noticed the true ancient wisdom and power this godling possessed. “I am willing to pay all expenses on our journey and as much monetary or material compensation as you require after your job is done.”
“Got anything to offer up front?” he asked as if trying to still haggle for something he was already keen to buy into.
“No. But over my conscious years I have amassed large sums of wealth that I have lain buried or hidden about this country and others. Like a squirrel before hibernation. I am sure many have still yet to be uncovered or plundered.”
The elf was far from a trickster. Auron knew the true nature of elves, aside from the majority of misconception from the human folk in this era. He had encountered one long ago when he was much younger and worked for someone else. Before the desertion of his fealty. They were an honest sort, to a fault. They never broke a promise made. But none would ever bother mingling with humankind like this elf, Rovin, had done.
“Okay,” decided Auron. “Fancy that I was actually just relaxing here, just earlier, contemplating retirement from my craft. I may be old but I have not quite a feeling to lay back and let the earth take me just yet. And of all things an elf requesting the accompaniment of a human… I am intrigued to say the least. Ask no prying questions of me and I will return the courtesy… Sure, I will take your job offer.”
Auron arose from his table and began to make his way up the stairs and to the Inn’s rooms above.
The voice of the elf rose to follow the man in his retreat towards the stairs, upward. “It is a good idea to turn in now, I plan to leave this town by the breaking of first light, before the townspeople decide to place me back on my rock to perch for another century.”
“See you then, elf.” With that Auron retired to his quarters.
Without as much as a word to the Viceroy Morris, or the staff that remained, Rovin got up from the children’s dining table and headed for his room upstairs. Not because he was tired. But to finally bathe off the dirty passage of time and ponder where to begin searching for this Dream Serpent that had awakened him. Bade him to seek him out and right an age-old wrong that still haunted the very core of his being.
He reached the door to his lodging and paused before placing the key into its lock. On the other side of the door, in his room, emanated the presence of life. Though the essence of this life form held great power far beneath; like that of a latent volcano, it was faint and calm. Something about that energy felt familiar, reminded of the realm of his goddess Ninuea. A pang of homesickness rose up inside of him. Yet, he felt no harmful or negative energies attached to the energy of life on the other side of the door. Curious, indeed, that Auron would have crept into my room. I can sense his energy down the hallway though. This can not be him. All the rooms had been emptied to make space for my stay here… And I fail to remember having any enemies who would lie in wait for me to awaken just to do me harm…
He silently placed his hand upon the locked door and, as if by magics unknown, it silently unlatched and he crept inside. There, laying in the bed that was supposed to be his, was a Kinfolk woman. Nude, aside from the coverage of sheets that draped over her haphazardly. She was fast asleep, seemingly as dead to the world as he had been earlier that night. His bath had not only been used for her to bathe and launder but was now soiled and cold. The fresh bread and fruit that had been placed upon the table across from the bed was but the remainder of crumbs, pits, cores and stems. The window to the room lay wide open, the woman’s clothes draped outside it to dry. He ignored the sleeping invader and made his way over to the open air. He stared out into the night sky, up at the zodiacs that had changed over the time of his resting. He looked back to the memories of his past trying to dig up anything that sounded familiar to that of Dream Serpents and Rhun. He watched the dark curtain of night as it was pulled back like a purple sheet by the sun and it began to peek over the horizon, much like he peered over the grand banquet table downstairs earlier. His hand lay on the box of Ubis’ bones upon the window sill.
An ancient memory came rushing back to him like a summer wind to his bare chest: Ubis was an elf of the second fold. One that was created by the goddess Ninuea with a little more faults than those of the first fold, like Irvon. They were imparted less Rhun than the first ones as well. Ninuea, the goddess of vitality and fertility; the mother of the forest. She gave a piece of herself, of her great Rhun, to each of her creations. Each creature of the forests, each sprout and each tree were like tiny cups. Each filled with a little serving of the massive cask of Rhun know sincerely to her subjects as Ninuea. The very brim of her power spilled into the first of her children, the elves. Irvon was lucky enough the be one of her first vessels and was given the power to mend, to renew. From his very conception he revered and respected this power as the Goddess herself did. Then the second fold was created and even greater in number they were to the first. Elves that still looked as children no matter how the autumns passed. They spoke the same, laughed the same, and loved the same but they were blessed with less of their mother’s Rhun. Ubis could also mend things well but it was more of his ability to assist in a process already enacted by nature itself. He could help something or someone along toward good favor in health, but he could not just immediately heal a gaping, gushing, wound like Irvon could. They had both found easy partnership and camaraderie in each other’s powers. 
One day a much younger and presumptuous race known as the Humans were conducting hunts within the outer forests. Ninuea protected and loved all her creations but after the great struggle between all gods in the third age, treaties were enacted that allowed such races, as the humans, to partake of the bounties that Ninuea had created. Within reason. Humans were not permitted to journey for a hunt too far into her domain without consequence. This day a hunter did travel in just close enough to her boundary and placed a magnificent shot into a grand stud of a deer. The deer, in desperation and shock, fled onto the protected side of the forest, but it was too late. The hunter made fast retreat knowing he shan't enter the protected lands to retrieve his trophy. Ubis and Irvon watched in horror as the mortal wound to the creature's heart had finally claimed it as the last of its life blood ran out onto the soft mossy ground. They had both been too far away to reach their Rhun out in time but it took only a couple breaths to get to their knees, down beside the deer and place hands upon it. Irvon felt but a faint, cooling, ember left like the remainder of singed wick after the candle has been blown out. Before the eyeblink that the deer’s life was ultimately extinguished, they desperately extended their Rhun out from their bodies and into the ‘dead’ animal. Ubis assisted in maintaining its current state while Irvon began to reseal and reconstruct the damaged tissue around the arrow. As the wound began its regeneration the arrow was slowly pushed out until it lay upon the ground, covered in blood. The body was repaired, its condition still stable, yet… It’s ashing ember… It was struggling to let go.
No! Irvon sent more of his Rhune out into the poor woodland creature, more than he had ever used to fix or mend a damaged body. He enveloped it with his Rhun till only a small drop remained and kept it all tethered outside of him. Live, damn you, LIVE! Was that thought loud in his head or was he actually shouting it? He was giving so much of himself, it began to hurt, as if he too would soon join the deer in death. And then it happened, a segment of fire touched the deer’s smoke and its flame of life was rekindled in the blink of an eye. Ubis and Irvon beamed triumphantly at each other.
Back in the Inn, outside of Rovin’s reminiscent fantasies, he felt himself smile slightly. He watched the sun begin to rise like watching the corners of Ubis’ lips curl up into a smile and then to a full-toothed grin. 
Eventually the sleeping intruder awoke, alarm and embarrassment of equal sorts brought her about to full alertness. The elf she had fancied to catch a glimpse of was in her room. He looked like a child with pointed ears gazing out at the window in silence. Not once did he turn around as she stirred from the bed, cautiously, almost secretively.
“What...” She started. “are you doing in my…”
“My room?” the elf finished, his faint smile of the past rushing back to where it was summoned from. He gathered up the clothes she had hung out in the window sill and extended them out behind himself without breaking his gaze from the ruby and gold horizon. “I was really hoping for a bath and even an early morning breakfast of bread and fruits but I noticed that someone else decided to take advantage of those comforts for me.”
Without reply, wrapped in a sheet from the bed, she scurried over to Rovin’s extended arm and snatched up her clothing. Her feelings of bashfulness soon subsided when she determined that an elf man did not find human women all that more interesting than the males of the species. According to the local lore that she had always been told, elves were never all to keen on wearing clothing themselves. Also, that elves were more keen on trickery than ogling at human women. Yet, this elf did not seem like much of a trickster type, though unarguably nude. Her long-placed superstitions bid her to still observe him with caution.
“Decent?” he asked in an almost impatient tone.
“Enough,” she replied as she took the leathers from the side of the bedpost and placed them on over her dark cloth travel clothing.
“Though one would think it quite rude for a complete stranger to be sneaking into their room. Eating their food, using their hot bath and sleeping in their bed. I will assume that you needed it more than I.”
“I…” The woman started,still recovering all her possessions as if ready to leave in an instant. “I meant no disrespect or ill will, I promise. I have traveled long and cared only for my own needs. I was sure that this Inn was evacuated and the chances of this being your room… well.” She paused and shrugged. “at the time slim to none. Though I see otherwise now… Please, I ask of you one thing, do not cause alarm. I will leave out the window as I came…” she began to glide towards the open window and expected the elf to move aside but he did not. She stopped, dead, and looked down at him. The elf seemed to stare at her in his deadpan fashion. A segment of stillness broken by the low to sharp grumble that sounded from the pit of her stomach.
“On the contrary,” the elf interjected giving a glance at her lower abdomen as if expecting a monster to leap out of it at any moment. “No need for alarm…” he trailed off rolling his hand as if expecting for her to reply with something.
“Avah,” she said “Avah Adalyn…”
“People of this town call me Rovin. Charmed, I’m sure.” He replied “No need for alarm Avah. You are but a guest that I was expecting to come visit me. Come, let’s go downstairs and get some breakfast. Since a shameless snoop seems to have snatched up all mine sometime in the night.”
She watched him tuck his wooden box under one arm, grab up his long beard, and walk to the door to open it for her. He stood and waited for her to follow. She was beside herself in reaction to his behavior about everything that had recently transpired, and with a short sigh she wound up the length of her dark hair around her shoulder, her pack around the other and stepped out into the hallway of the Dreaming Elf and down into the banquet hall for breakfast. 
Auron was already down in the banquet hall. Packed and ready to go. If one did not know him better they would think his readiness expressed some sort of anxious behavior. Auron was a man always ready, though, ever poised for an exit. He had seated himself at the children's table that Rovin sat at last night. He had replaced one of the shorter chairs with a normal sized one, pulled slightly away from the stoop of the table as to avoid knocking his knees against its edge. 
Aside from Avah, Auron, and Rovin the dining area was empty at the moment. As the elf moved to take a seat at the table Auron gazed up with his bright green eye and caught glimpse of a new arrival. A mysterious one, at that. Whether it was her subtle beauty or element of surprise towards the unexpected, the battle-worn mercenary nearly leaned back too far and spilled backwards. He recovered, nonchalantly, as if correcting an improper lean. It is the woman I saw outside the Inn last night. The last one that Viceroy Morris turned away... How in the world did she get in here?
“Morning,” Auron bid a neutral welcome, and held the palm of his right hand out in the direction of the Kinfolk woman. “... And this is…?”
Avah replaced another short chair for an adult sized one and sat down opposite of both elf and man. “Avah, I come from the Eastern woods of Ninoa.”
“She is an old friend of mine,” Rovin interjected.
“And old friend, eh?” The mercenary set his feet back flat on the wood floorboards. “You, uh, you guys know each other fairly well, then, I take it?”
“Not really,” she started
“In a manner of speaking, yes.” the elf spoke over her. “She is accompanying us on my errand,” he explained. “She arrived here last night. In my room of all things. Guess the Innkeeper double booked.” He glanced over at her as if expecting some sort of protest.
She opened her mouth as if to start and then she closed it again. This must be one example, in the flesh, on the trickery of elvenkind, she pondered in slight agitation, What encouraged him to rope me in so easily? But she felt, deep down in the pit of her still empty stomach, that this elf could read her like a book. Read anyone as easy as a grown man reading a bedtime story to their child. After the passing of her mother, the long absence of her father, and the secretive ostracization from her family ties, she was but a vagabond. Her curiosity and yearning for excitement teemed around the aura of beauty that surrounded her. Like she was made for greatness. Though she would surely be one to beg to differ. She attempted to open her mouth again in some sort of half-hearted protest but then Rovin spoke again.
“She has heard upon the wind of my awakening and has come to assist me in my task.” The elf’s tone would be considered almost amusing and comical if not for the stoic demeanor of his face. 
“Is that so?” Auron asked in feigned interest.
Avah, wayward daughter of the Eastern woods of Ninoa, shrugged and gave a half-nervous grin. A groan of approval escaped her cherry blossom lips and ended as if it were more of a question than an answer.
“WHO IS THIS WOMAN?” A stress-ridden voice erupted from the doorway of the kitchen. None other than Viceroy Morris Grail. “How did you get in..?” then his dulled eyes lit up with a fire of recall, “you are that woman from last night! The one I referred to the Silver Chair Inn down the road. What business do you have bothering our Patron Lord Rovin?” 
“Please,” started the elf “As I have said before: Rovin is just fine. The aggressive behaviour of your formalities bring me discomfort, Viceroy Morris. And this happens to be Avah Adalyn from the East woods of Ninoa. She has come to aid me in the task I must set off to accomplish.” 
“Task? But, Lord Rovin.”
“Just Rovin, thank you.”
“... Rovin. You have but just awoken and must have many questions. I, too, have many of my own and those of your townspeople. I beg your pardon but could you not stay for some time, bestow us with your blessings before you leave us?”
Rovin took in a deep breath, trying to muster up the patience to answer Morris. Auron decided to take reign of the conversation.
“Listen, Chief,” He took a deep pull on his pipe and shot a cloud of the dizzying smoke above their heads. “How’s about you go back to the most important task at hand and bring us out some breakfast. You know some sausage, potatoes, hot tea, bread and butter even?”
Morris surveyed the other two and found expressions of agreeance looking back at him. Abashed, he turned back slowly towards the Inn’s kitchen.
“And some jam, too.” Avah chimed in. Her voice steady, almost authoritative. These people wait hand and foot for a man they only know by superstitions. Why not stay a couple more days? I could get used to having such admirable service. She looked back with a pleased grin at her fellows and was met with silent stares of feigned disapproval. She did not let that spoil her good mood, and when the food was finally spread out before them by Thomas and Ella, it did not spoil her appetite either.
Local Haveran smoked pig sausage, delicate quail and hearty chicken eggs of all sort; potatoes baked, mashed, pan fried, and home style. Slices of cold roast from the Inn’s Ice house. Hot Seraphim and Dinder root tea. Fresh baked whole wheat loaf, butter, and best of all lemon and fawstberry jams. Avah and Auron stacked their plates high with helpings of all the sort. Rovin, box in his lap, grabbed the wheat loaf and began to peel and eat the skin off of it in little pieces. The Inn staff and Viceroy Morris let them be as they dined.
Auron skewered a soft boiled quail egg and a cutlet of sausage and ate it. He grunted a slight approval and brought the mug of tea to his lips. As he took a deep draft of the spicy-sweet seraphim and bitter, energizing, dinder root his single green eye looked down to Rovin and seemed to gaze past the table and onto the elf’s lap beneath it. “So,” he lifted his eye up to meet coal black ones of Rovin, “what’s in the box?”
The ancient elf did not break his gaze from the weathered mercenary as he peeled off more bread crust and nibbled on it. “Well,” he lifted up his own tea and took a quick sip of it, “what’s with your eye?”
Stares of solemnity did ensue and Auron also took another drag from his mug, feeling its heat enter his belly and warm his entire body. “Some good tea,” he brought the mug down to expose his mouth in a offset, smug, grin.
“Yes,” Rovin’s legs began to swing back and forth under the table, “it’s very nice.” He went back to peeling the entire wheat loaf. Auron, nor Avah, cared now for a piece of it. 
Eventually little was left upon the table for retrieval. Soiled plates, cups, saucers, and silverware; the occasional scrap and a now completely crustless, naked, wheat loaf remained. Avah would have been devastated by the fact that the odd elf practically ruined a good loaf of bread but she had used the butter and jam on her sausage. After all, she filled up on bread last night. 
Kimbal The Bruise awoke in his bed. It seemed like seconds ago that he had stared into the eyes of the great Rovin of Haveran. He had stared into the elf’s eyes, unblinking, and recited the age-old chant. And the elf had awoken. The elf awoke and Kimbal tumbled back into abrupt darkness and into a lake of ice water. He felt as if he was falling, falling forever. He had jerked awake and out of bed as if he landed there from a great distance. He was in his room, in his jammies, and the sun was hanging in its usual morning position above his window. Had it all been a dream? If it was not a dream, was he now cursed or blessed by the auspicious event that took place just last night?
Kimbal rushed past the beds of his two younger, still sleeping, sisters and down into the kitchen. His mother and father both sat at the table, their current conversation abruptly halted by the boy’s entrance.
“Well,” the deep and sturdy voice of his father billowed, “looks like trouble has come to grace us with his presence. Margie could you please get our boy a glass of milk, I’m sure he is thirsty.”
His mother rose from the table, “Kimmy has been through a lot, take it easy on our boy, Rodger.” She walked by Kimbal and placed a hand gently, lovingly, upon his shoulder. Kimbal flushed with embarrassment. I’m not a boy anymore, I’m a man, damn it!
“Oh, Margie, I won’t shake the boy’s head off or nothing I promise you that.” Rodger replied in good nature.
Mother looked down at son for a brief moment and she smiled. Then moved off into the hallway and down into the basement to ladle out a cup of milk for her child.
Rodger was a tall and sturdy man. His younger years as a soldier and his older years as a huntsman gave him a mantle of manliness that Kimbal had always admired, envied even. He was the spitting image of his son with many more autumns marking his face, touches of silver in his brown hair. He stared at the boy for a moment not with aggravation, scorn, or disappointment. More like pity. Then he spoke. “How do you feel boy?”
Kimbal brought his hand up to the back of his head and felt on a small tender lump that lay there. “... Fine. I guess. Did?...” he paused and bashfully placed his hands behind his back and looked at the floor. “Did the elf Rovin, did he actually come awake?”
“Yes, yes he did.”
“Did… Did I do it? Was it really my fault?”
The tall, sun browned, man erupted in laughter and then it tapered off. Kimbal took a sigh of relief, father was not mad at him after all. The father looked back at him reassuringly. “Kimbal. It was all but mere coincidence.”
“But I looked in his eyes, pops, his deep charcoal eyes.” He took in a shameful breath, “I recited the chant.”
His father chuckled again, lightly, and motioned for him to come closer to him. The boy obeyed and Rodger lightly punched the boy on his arm. “Kimbal, that is all just make believe. None of us really know much about the true nature of Rovin, if that is his real name. We know not why he really came here and we know not why he leaves. And we know not why he finally awoke from his sleep. But I do know that what you did last night I also did as a child your age once. Many a man has. He never awoke those times. You had nothing to do with his disturbance, I guarantee it.”
“He is leaving?” He asked frantically 
“Yes, Mayor Morris has announced that he will be leaving town later this morning in the company of a Kinfolk woman and a mercenary. His business and purpose are unknown but his leaving was inevitable. Son, elves do not long for the world of man.”
“I must go see him father. I must go with him, you see, he chose me. I must go with him and become a man!”
“A man’s purpose is not found in the company of whimsy, my boy. Your purpose is here. Learning a trade, finding a good woman to settle down with, making me a granddad.”
Kimbal turned away in the manner of a tantrum and faced away from his father back towards the doorway into the hall. “Father, a man makes his own decisions in life whether in reason or whimsey… and he sticks by them. I must go with Rovin. I must.”
“That is not possible boy. They will be leaving soon, most of Haveran will be seeing them off, I suggest you watch them leave. See the elf off with the others and then meet me on the west end of town so I can continue showing you how to tan hides.”
“I will go to him in the street, he will know me, he will take me with him…”
A hard slam came down on the table. Rodger’s open right palm lay plastered to the table top. “Don’t you dare embarrass your mother and I any further, Kimbal. Don’t your dare! Last night is forgivable, harmless even, but if you embarrass yourself or this family any further you will be soon to regret even the thought of it! Am I reaching you at all on this?”
Kimbal was glad that he faced in the other direction of his father’s sight. His eyes began to feel moist with angst. Maybe he was still acting like a boy but he just had to know for himself. “Yes, father. I will see them off. It’s the least I can do. And then I will come meet you at the tannery.” He began to walk off back to his room. 
Kimbal heard his father slide the chair out from beneath him as he stood and headed towards the front door to leave.
“Son,” he started. 
Kimbal had just turned into the hallway and was facing the way back into his room. “Yes, pops?”
“I love you, boy. Don’t dally too long. Go ahead and fetch my hunting knife from my room and bring it to me when you're done watching the elf. It’s yours now. I want you to have it.” 
With that he heard the front door close all the way. And then his dampening eyes swelled up till tears ran out over the sides and softly down his cheek. He could not obey his father’s request. He was a man now and men followed through with their determinations. He would not just see the leaving party out of town but he would follow them. He would intercept them on the road outside of Haveran and confront the elf. He was going to follow Rovin to his destiny, he knew it. Even if it eventually meant his own death. 
“Love you too, dad.”
Margarette watched her son further down the hall, glass of milk in her hand. She watched as he silently walked back down the hallway and into his room. Her boy was at a very strange age, on the brink of manhood. In many ways his behavior and reasoning was beyond her. She shrugged, decided her boy was in the mood to rather be left alone, and took a sip from the cup. She then turned in the opposite direction of her son and left out towards the back of their house to begin some tending to their home garden.
Back in the room Kimbal, as to not wake his two sisters, crept back over to his side of the room and pulled out a traveling pack he kept under his bed. He always kept it stocked, over the years many of his baubles and toys were replaced by changes of clothing, rope, tinder box, threads, yarns, hooks and some jerky from the annual pantry. He had always packed it imagining leaving his town with some of the boys here; Yoder, Randi and the lot. Leaving to go on a wild adventure they always heard, read, or spoke about. Now was the time. 
As he crept out the room again, one of his sisters awoke and looked towards him. It was Synthia, the youngest, only four years old now. “Kimbal… Kimkim where are you going?”
“I am going to become a hero, Syn. I’m going to be famous and I will come back and bring you something nice. A dragon’s tooth maybe.”
Her eyes grew wide. “A real dragon’s tooth? Oh wow, will you come home soon?”
He slowly came up to the side of her bed and kissed the top of her head. “I will be gone for a little while but it won’t be forever.”
“Proooomise?” She said around a yawn and laid her head back down upon her pillow to close her eyes.
“I promise. I will come back. A hero. You will see.” Then he left out the room and into his parent’s across the way. He picked up his father’s hunting knife, which was now his own. Though not yet a man, the long knife seemed to have the size and weight of that similar to something between a short sword and a long blade. Kimbal felt a course of energy and excitement build up in his lower gut as he slung the stringed up sheath around his shoulder and down at his side, walked out the front door, and out towards the main street where others had already gathered. He would follow them out of town and after a safe distance away he would speak to Rovin. And join him on his glorious quest.
Rovin, Auron and Avah all met up outside the Inn after collecting all of their things, which between all three of them was not much to begin with. But all that was soon to change as they made their way out across the Dreaming Elf Inn’s lawn and onto the main street of Haveran. Townspeople and visitors alike lined and filled each side of the road. 
Avah observed the faces of the crowd. Many of them stared in admiration. They whistled and cheered at them as they moved along down the cleared roadway. Avah did not like this sort of attention though, she felt so exposed. Embarrassed even. Then she looked over at her companions and noticed the feeling was mutual in its totality. As a group they picked up pace without any visible cue from one another. This was definitely not their scene. Avah became more abashed when some of the villagers began to come out into the street handing them supplies of all sorts. Some gave them small offerings of gold they had collected up for Lord Rovin of Haveran. Some who did not have gold to give handed them items of certain value well enough to be traded. A flask of whiskey here, a gold plated candelabra there, fine quilted blankets and even a little carved wooden elf on a rock given to him by a little girly no more than the age of three, held by her father who asked for a parting blessing from Rovin. The elf awkwardly just grinned and nodded slightly. 
Others, Avah saw, were unable to contain some deep grief inside of them. Tears ran down faces, hands fell over sobbing mouths. They mourned like watching a dearly loved family member leaving to war, uncertain of return. Anxiety began to gradually build for Avah until she began to pick up pace just a little more. A pace that began to deter any more townsfolk from advancing towards them with more gifts and pleas for a final blessing. She moved in her unnaturally fluid and swift nature now and Auron started to lag a little behind. 
Rovin, though almost perturbed by the increase in speed, found this as a blessing in disguise and hiked his beard up over the box he held in his arms and joined the pace. Yet, his legs were shorter than his companions and so he broke out into a jog. He felt someone’s eyes upon him outside the crowd. He opened up and felt the Rhun around him. He soon noticed that one townsman, a certain boy, was following in their direction behind the crowd. His Rhun then started to become familiar. The boy who he frightened in his awakening from the rock. He wondered what drove this boy. After all, Rovin was so old in years that, even if he had ever gone through anything similar to it, human puberty was unimaginable. 
To the leaving party the trek out of town could not have lasted any longer. The amount of relief that washed over all three of them was almost palpable. Avah slowed her pace and the other two followed suit. Both men letting out shallow sighs of relief.
Still, Rovin noticed that the boy had continued out of town and now lagged very far behind them, even out of audible shout range. Avah shifted to redistribute some of the new encumbrance recently obtained. She did so almost uneasily, he noticed.
Auron gently cleared his throat and began to pack his short pipe with his dried botanical. “I believe we are being followed.” He stated matter-of-factly.
Avah glanced back and even at this far of a distance she could still make out the shadow the boy cast forward, lit by the high morning sun behind him. “Well, nothing gets by you does it?” she humoured.
“Yes, I noticed it as well. Back in town. It's a boy that follows us. One that was there when I rose from my place on the rock.” he paused for a moment as he pocketed the wooden figurine of himself somewhere within his beard. 
“The boy is running. If he keeps this pace he will soon catch up with us.” Auron continued, striking a fire stick and puffing up a steady stream of smoke from his pipe. “To be honest with you, I am not going to pick up our pace. I refuse to be chased out of town by the fear of a curious boy.”
Rovin nodded and sounded a grunt of agreement as he then took the box that he held in his arms and slid that also into his great beard. To the only other people present, being Avah and Auron, it seemed to just disappear as it slid in between a part in the golden-brown waterfall of hair that spilled from his childlike face. 
Elves are strange ones, indeed, Avah mused.
Auron walked on as if not noticing.
Eventually the sound of rapid and heavy foot falls became audible. The company of three decided to slow down their pace even more as if to cut the poor kid a break. 
“ROVIN!” Came a hoarse and exasperated voice now only a few paces behind him. “Lord Rovin, wait! I beg of you…”
The party stopped walking altogether and turned around to stare at the boy. He had a travel bag over one shoulder and a beautiful hunting knife strung up and slung over his opposite. His heavily cowlicked hair that seemed to grow out in every which way rustled and swayed in the brisk autumn morning breeze.
The boy, now caught up, stopped dead in his tracks and hunched forward. Hands on his knees as he breathed rapidly and then slowed it down to deep breaths and maintained normalcy. He looked up at the group, sweat dewing up on his smooth brow. “I’m coming with you.”
Without even bothering to control herself Avah let out a sharp chuckle, ”W-what?” She placed a hand on her head as if the comedy of this very moment overwhelmed her. 
“Boy,” Auron started
“No.” Rovin simply replied. Then he turned around and began walking again. West, out of town. 
Auron nodded farewell in the boy’s direction with the tip of his finger touching his hat. He let out a puff of smoke and tossed his finger tip back towards town as if to show the boy a direction he had never been before. He then turned and followed Rovin.
Avah held back another giggle and shrugged. Her silver/blue eyes danced some sort of playful mockery at the boy and she, too, joined her company due west.
Kimbal picked up a sprinting pace again and headed off to the side of them and evened out just a few strides ahead. He turned around and continued to jog backwards. While talking back at them. “Look, I am not going to turn around. Last night I passed the right of passage, last night I became a man. I was chosen by you and now I must follow you. Your words will not turn me away and your refusal to me joining you on your quest is not an option. I am going to be a great hero! I will not return until I have helped you on your quest and become like a glory lord of old! I would die before I turned back now.”
Rovin stopped again. The others stopped along with him. “That is what I’m afraid of. Go home boy, go be safe and comfortable. Where we go is not meant for the young age of your already reckless breed, boy. For the last time go home.”
The boy stared at him so intently that Rovin knew the boy meant every word he said. He was not turning around.
“Maybe,” Auron said, “he is softer than the saggy tit of an old hag. I killed for my first time when I was but a couple years younger than him. The boy will never learn how to be a real man unless you let him do this. Let him tag along.” He took a long drag and shot the smoke off towards Kimbal’s face, the coughing boy wavered a little. “I say he does not last the night, starts to miss his mommy and goes crying back home.”
Avah failed to stifle another laugh at this.
“I would not!” He shouted back at Auron. “I will not cry! I will not go home! I am going with the lot of you whether you like it or not. I am going to become the great hero Rovin has chosen me to be. It IS my destiny.” 
Avah unslung her pack and tossed it over to the boy, “Well, then make yourself useful kid and carry my stuff would you?” She laughed and started walking after Rovin. 
Auron chuckled and added a bag of his to the boys load as well. “You don’t mind, do you?” 
Kimbal’s face lit up and he hastily slung the two extra loads onto his back and continued off on the side of the road next to them. “You guys won’t regret this. You will see! I can be real helpful!”
The group of three started down the road once more now joined by a fourth body. Kimbal The Bruise. He turned around again and walked backwards as he spoke. “My name is Kimbal. My friends call me The Bruise. It's not always cause I get in fights all that often I just tend to have acciden---!” his stream of words turned into a shout of surprise.
The others watched as their new pack mule of a boy fell backwards into a hole. By the sound of his shout as it decreased in volume they imagined a fairly deep hole. Then the scream of alarm stopped but there was no thudding sound. 
Suddenly, they heard the boy’s shout again, this time it grew in volume till he was shot out of the hole by some unseen force. Particles of dirt and dust shot up behind his ascent and then Kimbal found himself face down on the ground. He was almost frozen in shock. The party began to walk up closer to the boy and the hole he had fallen into and “fallen” back out of. Then a shovel shot up, also followed by a geyser of dirt and dust. Then two large hands grabbed hold of the edge and a man emerged from it. 
Even with the marring of dirt and mud on his body and face, any woman would tell you that this man was painfully handsome. Avah’s heart leapt up in her chest as she took him in with her eyes. He stood the tallest of any one there, even her by a couple heads. His musculature appeared to be chiseled from the hardest of stone. He had a bald, smooth head, reflective to the high morning sun. He boasted well placed brow and strong, yet gentle, facial features that would cause most women to shamelessly glance upon them even in the company of their man. Avah nearly fell in love at just the sight of this virile man. Well, hello big boy. Where have you been all my life? 
But there was something strange about his hazel eyes. The light of intelligence usually present in most anyones eyes seemed… dimmer. Then he opened his mouth and Avah almost turned around in shame.
“Oy, dis boy dund felled down Doug’s diggin hole. You uhkay little one?” He reached down to help the boy up. Kimbal took hold of the man’s hand and he was yanked up with such stupid strength that he swore it popped his arm out of socket for a moment. 
Kimbal rubbed at his sore shoulder and stared up at the rock of a man as he picked up his stray shovel and came back over to the group on the road. “Some people be callin me Doug. Most of em callin me Dougy. My mum and dad used ta callin me Dougeranth. I dig me some ‘oles for work. Boss tells me no more work in town. Go find monies in next city, he say. Brings him back the monies I owes em for the ‘oles I dug up round ere…” 
The group was silent. Not one of them knew how to reply. Then Dougeranth started up again.
“... Well see, I can’t do good by talkin much to people, I don’t count good lessen it wif Doug’s trusty shovel, an I get lost real easy but I can dig the most greatest ‘oles. If’n your hedded to another town I could come wiv you mayhaps. Find job diggin ‘oles. Dats what Doug good at.”
Rovin let out a deep, audible, sigh and continued on down the road.
Kimbal dusted himself off and sized the mountain of a man up again, unslung the packs that were given earlier and handed them off to him. “Yeah, you can come with us, I’m Kimbal. Kimbal The Bruise, don’t you forget it.”
Dougeranth hooked the slinged sacks in a large finger and flung them over his back. He then propped his shovel over the other side and began to walk onto the road. “I’m not the best at ‘memberin. But Doug will try.” 
Auron and Avah started back off down the road with their leader. Auron shook the ashen contents of his pipe out and placed it back somewhere underneath his hide and feathered cloak. “Well, this day could not get any less eventful. What’s next? Do we come across a traveling band of circus performers missing their pet bear? The name is Auron, by the way, could care less if you remember it though.”
Avah, regardless of knowing this man's level of idiocy, caught herself swooning over his appearance once again and flushed a bit red. She turned her head back towards the road, but spoke loud enough to be heard “I’m Avah, and that over there is our fearless leader, Rovin the elf. We are off to somewhere to do gods know what. Never know when we could need a hole dug but you are welcome to come along nonetheless.”
Dougeranth joined them on the road, nodded towards Auron’s introduction, then nodded at Rovin. Then he looked at Avah with his infant-like eyes, “M’kay pretty lady!” 
Avah turned her head from him; not out of flattery, but of embarrassment. “Please, don’t. Just call me Avah.”
“M’kay pretty lady!” Dougeranth assured her.
Rovin led the group, Auron close by his side. Avah stood a couple steps behind and Dougeranth and Kimbal took up the back. The odd company of strangers continued west. Towards who knows where to do gods know what.
The party continued down the road for a few hours. Kimbal was obviously not a fan of silence and Dougeranth was the only person there foolish enough to participate in conversation with the hot-blooded boy.
“Well,” Dougeranth continued from earlier conversation with the boy, “Yous go three shovel wide and four shove deep ‘oles. Those be good fer big amnimal traps. Then there be one shovel deep n’ three shove wide ‘oles for sleepin’ in…”
Auron spoke up, but not contributing to the current conversation. “Looks like smoke further ahead.” They continued to walk the road west. 
“Told my sister I was going to slay a dragon, Dougy,” Kimbal interrupted, “I am going to bring her back one of it’s teeth!”
Dougeranth’s dim eyes grew large. “A dragnon toof eh? Doug wonder if’n dragnons live in great big ‘oles… Maybe hunreds of shovels deep n’ wide.”
“I think most live inside of mountains, or atop them maybe,” the boy replied.
Dougeranth made a sound of disappointment, then one of agreement to Kimbal’s logic, “But Doug think mayhaps some dragnons like deep ‘oles in the eurf…”
Suddenly Dougeranth stopped, and leaned forward almost losing balance. The group ahead had suddenly halted their procession and the stone tower of a man had nearly walked into, and over, Rovin. 
Auron held up a hand in motion for them to hold position as he surveyed the road further ahead of them. A small pillar of dark smoke came up from quite a distance still. “Oh, gods,” he started, “what now?”
Avah and Rovin also looked off down the distance of road ahead of them and their demeanor became almost defensive.
In the back Dougeranth and Kimbal strained their eyes on the horizon to see what the others did. Kimbal could barely make out what looked like a man standing off on the left side of the road. He was waving his arms in the air as if to get attention from someone. “It… looks like a man…” he stated, “he is waving his arms about… And a burning wagon off to the right!”
Auron turned to the others. “Yeah, there is a man further down the road attempting to flag us down from a distance. Also, looks to be another man laying on the ground further left of him near those trees. And another prone body off on the right near the burning wagon.”
Avah nodded “Maybe there was an accident, there is a chance someone could be injured, or dead?”
Rovin remained silent.
Auron pulled out his pipe and began to pack it again but did not light it. “Maybe, or maybe it's trouble.” He looked down towards Rovin and spoke to him. “Elf, if it's fine by you I suggest you take up the back end of the group for now… Till we get up here and sort this all out.”
“Seems to be a wise decision, mercenary.” Rovin turned and walked around Dougeranth who still stood close behind him, then past Avah and beside Kimbal. “I seem to sense more excitement from the one fellow over a feeling of panic or urgency. And as far as I can tell the man lying on the ground to the left is in no pain that I am aware of. But the body near the wagon… That one no longer lives. I am sure of it.”
Auron grunted a reply and took up the lead, short pipe held loosely between his teeth and he spoke around it, “Well we won’t know till we get there. Let's move out. Avah, Doug, get behind me and stay close. Be ready to defend yourselves if need be…” Then he glanced back at Kimbal “... and boy, you try to keep quiet and be sure not to do anything stupid or reckless.” 
Kimbal mumbled as they began to walk once more in their new formation. “I’m not a boy, I know how to handle myself in a brawl!”
No reply came back from Auron, and Avah shot a teasing tone towards the back. “I would not test the man's patience any further if I were you, kid. Just grab hold of reality for a little while and behave will ya?”
Eventually the smell of burning wood, lacquer, and cloth met them as they came closer to the sight of the wagon accident. The body near the wagon was that of an old woman’s. She lay on her side, eyes open and empty oh Rhun. Blood matted the top of her silver hair and wrinkled face. The man lying to the left held his side, groaning with discomfort. 
The stranger that was flagging them down from a distance jogged up to meet them halfway and was about to speak when Auron stepped up with his hand held out in motion for the stranger to come no further. “No need to come any further, what has happened here?”
The stranger stopped in his tracks. He was balding, somewhere in his middle ages. A long scar ran down the right side of his jaw and his nose was pierced through its middle with a metal ring. He was dressed like one accustomed to traveling. The man spoke up, addressing Auron and the other two directly visible behind him. “Well, look man! We were attacked by roving bandits as we made our way to Haveran. They killt my poor ma’ and shanked ‘ol Patsy over there! Took our stuff and left on the winds they came in on. Please mister, fellas, you gotta help me here. Patsy’s not doin’ so well…”
As if cued to begin, the injured Patsy began to groan even louder and clutch ever harder at his lower abdomen. 
Auron did not move. Nor did he reply. The group followed his lead, even Kimbal remained silent, more out of suspense then obedience. The fire from the burning wagon continued to roar. The cool autumn breeze mixed with the heat of the fire and smoke and cast lukewarm air across the people on the road. Auron continued to stare and not speak. Eventually the silence became unnatural and the stranger started to show signs of uneasiness or frustration. Even the Patsy fellow’s groans almost came to a complete end. 
Both strangers now stared at Auron, and in an almost panicked tone of frustration over emergency, he broke the silence. “Look my buddy could die, man! I can’t lose him and….. ah… fuck it!” He threw his arms up in futility and brought one hand back down to his mouth, letting out a sharp whistle. “Looks like this group don’t wanna play along, boys, come on out!”
The ‘injured’ man by the name of Patsy stopped rolling on the ground and stood up, pulling a knife out from where he had been covering up with his hands earlier. The man in the street produced a short sword in his left hand and a hatchet in his right. Three other men, armed with the intent to cause pain and dismemberment, came out from the cover of the trees. 
“Well, well, well. You are smarter than most sheep on these roads aren’t cha?” the leader stated.
“What we gonna do Ross?” the odd looking man named Patsy mused. “Kill ‘em and take their stuff too?”
The bandit boss Ross kept at the ready. “No, boys. I think we let these ones go… that is, after they have paid us the inconvenience caused while we are conducting our own business.”
“Yeah,” piped up Patsy in a shrill, cracked, voice. “Be kind enough to empty your purses for us sirs… and madam.” Patsy sized Avah up and down an expression of sick wanting plastered on his ugly, toothless, grin. “And your clothes while you're at it!”
“Now, now, my dear Patsy. Lets not make things more complicated than they already are. Look, fella. Just empty out your pockets of any gold or valuables you might have on you and we will go on our way, no harm done.”
Auron took the unlit pipe out of his mouth and spoke up in a steady voice. “And if we don’t?”
Ross the bandit boss shot up a maniacal chuckle. Patsy and the others half-heartedly joined in and then the laughing stopped. “Well, good buddy of mine, if’n ya don’t hand over all your gold and belongings promptly you will all be meeting your makers…”and he glanced over at Avah also with a sick grin on his homely face “and I dare say this sweet one might get a few going away presents before we send her off---.” 
Auron tucked his pipe back under his cloak as Ross finished his sentence and his crew started up another fit of laughter. Auron moved like a blur and was upon the bandit boss in the blink of an eye. In that split second the bandit leader gazed down at his stomach. The mercenary's deadly long blade was sticking out if it now. The rush of pain ran through his body as sharp steel pierced through organs and the middle of his spine. Ross’s face shot up towards the sky from shock of pain so great, then came back down to see the bringer of his end. His eyes just inches away from Auron’s stone cold face. His legs lost all feeling… then Auron blew upon Ross’s face gently as if blowing away a stray eyelash and he crumpled down into oblivion. 
Before the newly deceased Ross could meet the ground with sword still lodged in his belly, Auron’s left arm shot up and a brass knuckled fist met the ugly face of Patsy. What little teeth the bandit did have now flew into the air as the cracking of bone sounded in the fire-warmed air of autumn. 
T.K.O.
Now catching up with the unexpected initiation of battle, the other three men ran past the deadly mercenary to extract revenge on some of the less-deadly looking of the party. 
One came towards Avah, a large wooden club raised over his head. He screamed, full of adrenaline, towards her. But, as he picked up speed in his advance, Avah seemed to glide right past and behind him, like skating upon an icy lake. The large club came crashing down to make contact with nothing but the ground at his feet. She then gave him a swift jab in the kidney. The hulking bandit arched backward and let out a yelp of pain. Then in a fluid motion, Avah brought her hands up to the bandit's head and twisted it with break-neck speed. The sound of snapping spinal column unmistakable. The bandit fell forward to his knees, gurgling out his last breath, then collapsing face first in the dirt next to his large club. 
Another made his way towards the boy. Kimbal fumbled to get the hunting knife out of its sheath but the bandit was upon him before he could fully expose it. Rovin stepped aside and just stood there as if observing the whole event like a sport he was never keen on watching, let alone participating in. The hands of the bandit made way to Kimbal’s throat and began to tighten. 
Blood rushed up into Kimbal’s face. The violent crazed bandit started to tighten his grip around Kimbal’s neck and he felt his windpipe start to close. His face felt like it was beginning to swell, his eyes began to bulge and he clawed frantically at the bandit’s face trying to get his fingers into the man’s eyes. Tears welled up in his purpling face Is this how I die? Beneath this ugly drooling brute? NO! I will not allow it. I will fight! He pulled his knife out of the sheath but darkness and panic were beginning to overtake him. He began to feel himself fading into complete darkness and he still flailed about in refusal to give in.
Rovin moved his hand out and touched the bandit straddled over Kimbal’s frantically flailing body. He sent his Rhun out, enveloping the man’s skin. In his mind he thought upon sensations of searing pain. The bandit threw his hands off the boy and up in the air in surprise, screaming as if a large cauldron of boiling tar had been spilled over every inch of his body. Kimbal coughed for air, then vomited.
Before Auron even turned to look towards the direction of the bandit’s painful cries he swiftly brought out from under his cloak a small crossbow and extended his arm out behind him in the direction of the sound. A swift sound zipped through the air and halted at the bandit’s head. Crossbow bolt into one side of his ear and out the other. Another bandit bit the dust. Dead, instantly.
While all this happened the last of the bandits charged towards Dougeranth. A quarterstaff whistled through the air wielded by capable, well practiced, bandit hands. As he moved in close enough to bring his pole around in a full arc into Dougeranth’s head, the muscle-bound Doug had lowered his shovel and shot dirt up into the man’s open mouth and eyes. Doug took this chance to bring across a final blow with the flat of his shovel up against the stunned assailant's head. The sound of metal mashing hard bone into little bits erupted. If the unfortunate bandit’s head was not securely attached to his neck and shoulders the raw power and force of Dougeranth’s shovel blow would have sent it flying quite a distance. Instead, the man’s body followed the path of the shovel all the way through causing him to somersault sideways into the air before falling dead onto the road. 
Avah placed a foot down upon her prey’s still body and crossed her arms. She looked off into the sky for a moment and nodded, just once, with satisfaction. “So it is done,” she said to no one in particular, “teach you to fuck with me.” 
Auron walked over to the first poor victim to taste from his cup of wrath and pulled his sword free. As he walked back towards the group he extended his sword arm down at an angle with trained speed and power that forced the blood upon his sword to leap off the blade and onto the dry, dusty, earth to drink it up.
Dougeranth stooped down and grabbed his own felled bandit by the hand and lifted him straight up into the air, like a dolly, in one arm. Then he raised his other hand, the one that held his sturdy shovel and softly pumped his arms up and down as if hyping up an invisible crowd of spectators. A very large, very daft, smile on his face.
Rovin stood, confidently in the center of the road next to the shaken Kimbal and dead body, skewered through the ears. He crossed his arms and gave each one of his party a look of sheer pride and satisfaction. Bringing a finger up to his nose and winking was an old elvish custom of humble congratulations and thanks. With company like this I will have no problem finding the Dream Serpent. Maybe I can finally, truly, save dear Ubis after all! For the first time in what seemed like forever Rovin felt a small spark of hope again.
Kimbal wiped his eyes and face dry with dirty sleeves and looked up at the party around him from the ground where he now sat up. Dead bandit pushed off of him and to the side, he stared at them in absolute awe. Each of them handled their enemy like they were a ninny. Then he felt a pang of shame as he recalled how little he had done to help during the entire ordeal. That bandit would have killed him for sure. If not for Lord elf Rovin and Auron. He looked over towards Rovin in shame. 
As if knowing what the boy was thinking, Rovin moved his gaze over towards where the kabab-headed bandit lay. Kimbal followed his gaze till it met sight of his hunting knife! Somehow, in the panic of it all he must have finally freed his knife and shoved it into the lower back-side of his attacker. It now sat beside the dead man near a wound the exact size as his knife. But I was still of little help, Kimbal lamented. 
The roaring fire of the wagon had died down to a few fires in what little parts remained yet charred. Dougeranth dropped the rag doll of a man back to the ground and lifted the boy to his feet like picking up an apple on its side and placing it right side up again. Kimbal reached down and picked up his father’s hunting knife, cleaned it off on the side of his dusty pants, and resheathed it. 
Auron looked over at everyone as they now stood together in the center of the road. He fished out his packed pipe from earlier and finally went to light it, its smoke mixing in the wind with the wagon fire smoke. “I think it best that we move off the road and make camp further due north-west before sunset,” tendrils of smoke snaked from his nostrils from another drag, “the law men of this kingdom occasionally travel this road and I would hate to be around to bother describing this to anyone.” 
Somehow, within the short time it took Auron to speak, Dougeranth had moved off to the side of the road and dug four shallow graves. The party turned to see him standing by the finished graves without a sweat on his brow. 
Avah started to drag one of the fallen bandits into a hole. “You know… Dougy. You have only dug four graves but there are six bodies.”
Dougeranth raised a hand up behind his head and he scratched at it real bashful like. “Well, preddy lady,” He started “I guess we gots one that dun nuffin’ wrong sept get kilt by dems bullies. She mayhap be seen, ya know, fer family and sech. An’ da other just be sleeping heavy.” He glanced over at Patsy. Toothless, homely, out cold, Patsy.
Avah raised her eyebrows at him in pleasant surprise. So the oaf ain't all dumb, she fancied, but still… She checked out his shirtless and short pantsed physique, well no one can just have it all, then turned back to nudge the dead guy in with her foot. Rovin and Kimbal moved a body over, then Auron and Avah again. The graves were filled back and packed with dirt as quickly as the dirt had been removed.
Each member marveled at the godlike prowess for moving earth that Doug possessed. Only Rovin was the one that saw that it was attributed to the muscle boy’s Rhun. He had only noticed such concentrated power few times before. But if he in fact is…. he began to think, how remarkable! 
Lest anyone spit on the graves the members all turned off the road and headed north-west. They continued to walk until close to sunset. They found a small gathering of trees in the vast field that stretched out before them. The road now far from sight. They unburdened themselves, especially Doug with the extra packs he now carried, and began to set up camp.
Some of the brighter stars in the sky began to appear as the sun bid its farewell below the horizon. Auron crouched down near the center of the camp they had laid out and began to rub wooden fibers off the back of tree bark he had gathered at his feet. His pipe hung loose between his teeth, tendrils of smoke ran from his nostrils and mouth as he bundled up the fibers and laid them upon a larger piece of bark he had saved off to the side. Turning the pipe upside down in his mouth he shook it a couple times to release its still burning contents onto the tinder and blew on it lightly between cradled hands. The lit tinder was placed under some kindling and a dried log, then Auron stood up and walked over to a thinning, leaf-barren tree outside the camp circle and unslung the boar spear from around his back and propped it there.
To the opposite side of Auron a small hole was freshly dug. One shovel deep and three shovels wide just like Dougeranth preferred it for sleep. The tip of his smooth, shiny bald head and pair of green dim eyes peeked out from the hole’s rim. Pleased with his work, he stretched his muscular arms across the ground in front of him and pulled himself up chest high to join his crew on the surface world. 
Kimbal, still in slight shock from the event earlier and also in silent reverence and awe of Auron’s display of physical combat, moved to sit upon a downed log not far from where Auron went about making himself a place to lay up and sleep. He removed his father’s hunting knife and tried to remove some of the dried blood that remained there. A deep pang of guilt built up in his stomach like a soft sickness as he recalled that he was supposed to bring it to his father earlier that day. Instead he had fled not just his responsibility to the family but his home town itself to embark on his journey. His destiny with the elf and company. He missed home, he missed his father, mother, sisters and friends. Homesickness that made him so anxious grew so much that he felt like he needed to vomit, he felt like he needed to cry. He remembered the bet Auron had made earlier that day and quickly picked up a piece of wood at his feet and began to whittle at it with the knife, trying hard to seem more occupied with his new project than the light dampness that was collecting at his eyelids. Bruises in the shape of hands were visible around his neck and it hurt just as much to swallow as it did to keep his shame within. He could not give Auron the satisfaction of winning that wager and he avoided looking up in his direction even when he felt like the stone-cold man’s eye was upon him.
Avah had laid out a nice blanket woven as a parting gift to the elf from one of the humble townswomen of Haveran. She shifted the length of her rope-like black hair from around her shoulder and placed it into her lap in front of her as she reclined back on the rest of the traveling packs unloaded by Doug. She then set to work looking over her braid. The campfire caught well and she removed her boots and stretched her stockinged feet out towards its warmth. 
Rovin moved across the fire and sat down upon the cold dirty earth, bare-assed. He rummaged into his thick beard, pulled out a loaf of bread and began to peel and eat the skin from around it.
Avah watched him with a hint of amusement mixed with confusion. Then she decided to speak up. “Hey, elf. Why is it you only eat the crust off the bread? You waste the entire loaf that way. No one wants a skinless loaf, ya oaf.” she teased. 
“I like just the middle of the bread,” Kimbal piped up, “I think the crust is disgusting.”
Avah cast a sarcastic glance over to the boy in response and Rovin made a slightly amused exhalation and continued to pick off the bread crust till it was all gone and then tossed it over towards Kimbal. 
Now dry-eyed, The Bruise dropped his knife and whittling stick to catch the bread loaf sans crust. He nodded towards the elf as if he was given one of the greatest gifts ever bestowed upon someone and he began to eat upon it eagerly. Even with the pain of his damaged neck the boy’s hunger did not stop him from scarfing it down mouthful by mouthful. 
As Kimbal ate his prized possession, Auron slowly rose from his spot against the tree and moved over towards the boy. He paused from eating the last of his bread as he watched the one-eyed mercenary swiftly stoop down and pick the boy’s hunting knife up off of the ground and heft it in his right hand.
“This is a nice piece of craftsmanship you have here boy,” he spoke to the boy in no particular fashion, “this is yours I take it?” 
Kimbal swallowed down the last bit of bread he had been munching on, this time with difficulty from growing nervousness. “Yes… Well, no,” he started trying to keep from making direct eye contact with his interrogator. “Ya see, the knife is my father's, but he gave it to me before I left.”
“As a going away gift?” Auron pried, as if giving the boy the easy way out. Knowing he would not admit to leaving his home without permission.
“... Yeah… Yes. Father gave it to me and told me to go make him proud. And that is what I am going to do.” His voice took on a stronger tone than that of the true emotions that swam around his gut. 
Auron continued to heft the hunting blade in his hand as he walked off back towards the bare tree he had claimed as his lean-to for the night. “You thinking after the scrap we had today that you're ready for what else is out there? Things more grim and sinister?”
The boy was silent. The camp remained silent aside from the soft and soothing crackle of the small campfire. 
“Yeah….” he started then the hand shaped bruises on his neck brought back a pang of reality “... no… I don’t know. I want to. I have to… When that bandit came towards me today… I was afraid. I panicked. Then you and Rovin had to save me…” he held back tears again and picked up the stick he was carving on and started to draw into the dirt with it. It started to seem as if Auron was trying to bring the boy’s shame out into the open, to embarrass the poor kid even. 
Then, still facing away from the boy Auron glanced down at the blade and rubbed his thumb against some of the dried blood that remained there. “This is not your blood on the knife is it?” His normally cold voice now had a slight warmth to it like the fire that kept the autumn’s brisk night air at bay.
“Well, in the midsts of it all; yeah, I did get him in the back a little. But if I was not….” he trailed off, embarrassed of what he was about to admit “if I was not afraid. I would have killed him like you did. I would not have needed yours… or Rovin’s help. The bandit charged me, I was afraid for my life. Afraid my story was going to end right there. And now I worry that I am not meant to be here with you all. I can’t do what you do…” and he looked at the others: Rovin’s curious black eyes, to Avahs soft bright blue and silver ones, then over towards Dougeranth’s dim green. “What you all do. Maybe I should just head back home tomorrow. You were right.”
No one spoke up to encourage him to stay. They all stared at him in amused silence and then Auron leaned up against his tree and began to flip the knife into the air and back into his hand. Each juggle seemed to be as easy to him as breathing. “Whether you decide to go home tomorrow or continue to follow us, which is your choice alone, I wish to impart some old timer’s wisdom and see how it settles with you, kid.” The knife flew higher up into the night air, out of the sight of most of the campers and back down safely into his right hand. He continued to do this as he spoke. “The thing with fear is that it is easy to recognize, most of us are aware when it makes its presence known. But recognizing fear and knowing fear are two very different things. And you have two choices when you begin to know fear for what it is: you can cower beneath it and become the victim, or you can take that fear, make it your own, and strike out against it. One day, boy, you will encounter true fear. You will recognize it and you will know it. And when that time comes you will either fall before its feet, vanquished, or you will use that very fear against itself and arise victorious…” All of a sudden, in less time than it takes to blink, the knife landed from the night sky back into his hand and was sent flying across the camp. Kimbal’s hunting knife cut through the air in a flash and landed blade first underneath the boy’s family jewels. 
Wide-eyed, Kimbal The Bruise looked up at Auron as he made an amused grunt and reclined back down against the tree once more. He dug into a small traveling pack of his and pulled out some dried venison to snack on.
“Burnin’ blazes hot fire!” Dougeranth shouted out. He began to clap as if to encourage an encore. 
Rovin let out a small chuckle, more like a short breath.
Avah breathed in a quick breath of excitement and then let out a mirthful laugh. “The Bruise is going to have to overcome his fear of you before that ever happens!” She tossed a small stone towards the boy’s knee and it jerked him free of the trance held over him by the knife that now stuck half into the log, beneath the boy’s bait and tackle. 
The crew ate their own respective meals from the care packages respectfully given to them from the Haveran citizens. Dougeranth reached with a little effort towards a bag that lay in the pile of luggage Avah reclined beside. As he slid back into the hole the stack of bags, sacks, and packages toppled and Avah quickly corrected herself with her arm to remain in a reclined position. She glared towards Doug’s hole in agitation as she watched an occasional fruit or vegetable leap out of the hole and onto the ground outside. 
Avah let out a sigh, “Ya damned brute.” she muttered. She leaned back over to face Rovin. She moved to lay down on her stomach and perched her head atop two fists under her chin. Her freshly groomed and re-tightened braid wrapped several times loosely around her neck as if in the purpose of a scarf. “You don’t speak much do you, old one?” 
He turned his head to look upon her, his face in the usual stoic position. There was no reply. 
Go figure.
Avah did not let that deter her from conversation, “So, you sat on a rock for a real long time. I heard about you before, about Haveran, when I still lived in the eastern forests of Ninoa. The elf that sat upon a rock, staring off into nothingness, watching over and protecting the quaint town of Haveran. Ya know, I had heard enough stories from travelers and the like that I fancy that I had a dream or two about you sitting on that rock in the middle of town. Just staaaaaaaaaring oooofff…” She trailed off and then came back in from nowhere with a different energy all together. “Ya did something bad huh?” She said more rhetorically “Well, whether you decide to tell us eventually or not, the longer we stick around the more we are bound to find out anyway, old timer.”
Still, no reply... But wait. He took in a shallow breath and spoke, loud enough for all to hear, “Rhun… We are all like tiny breaks in a great river, you and I. An individual stream that flows from its great point of origin. Every stream runs a path of least resistance. Their path is never predetermined by gods or fates but by the layout of land carved by time itself. Each stream moves across this landscape and winds down this path in, often times, unpredictable ways. Some of us have small, short streams. Others of us swell and flood the earth before us, removing any obstacle in its path…” He looked at each of them and shrugged. Then he dug back into his beard and removed the wooden box he kept so close to him. Ubis, his disciple. He seemed to now ignore the others and turned his attention to his box of bones. “What was the deal with that beet soup, eh? Aside from the fly there was something odd about it….” He faded off into thought. Doug blinked, bewildered, and returned to his hole. It soon became apparent he was quick to slumber as a deep snoring echoed out of the hole like a great beast growling. 
The rest settled into bed. Auron lay half awake. The elf looked off towards the east and waited for the new day to eventually, and predictably, rise.
A light dew had fallen upon the members that night. Rovin had silently baby-sat the campfire throughout the night, and warmth with a sprinkle of chills woke most of the members from sleep. All except Dougeranth who, as Rovin and Auron could attest to him doing all through the night, continued to snore. Auron began to collect his things and moved over to the camp fire to bury it. The sudden creeping of frigid autumn morning air began to match the cold, damp, dew on the party and brought them all to a brisk full awakening. The others went about collecting their things and covering up any traces of camping. 
Avah moved the luggage she reclined upon that night over to the edge of Dougeranth’s sleeping hole and tossed them down upon the roaring beast. He awoke with a surprised shout. “Oy, fellas! The sky be fallin on Doug! Bags of food n fings! Glory be!” A shovel emerged from the hole followed by Dougeranth now packed up like a great mule. “Doug can’t wait to be makin’ any good ‘oles today. We goin’ to uh town ta’day?”
Auron slung his lanyard boar spear back around him and gathered up his own small pack and the rolled blanket he used the night before. He pointed out further north west. “We journey a little further this way, towards a city called Vernom. A kingdom under direct rule to the Kinfolk of Ifrim, the flame.” He looked toward Avah, who was of kinfolk blood and she gave no acknowledgement toward his statement, “It is one of the oldest cities in this region and I wager if Rovin needs to do some snooping or figuring out that would be a good place to start.” He looked over towards the titan of a man that walked up next to him. “Doug, fill your hole back up for gods sakes!” Doug went off, abashed, to do Auron’s bidding then the mercenary continued, “If we remain off the roads to avoid any further delays by that of traveling lawmen or vindictive buddies from yesterday’s bandits then we have a chance of coming to a great canyon called Tildman’s Folly. I know there to be a few rope bridges across it to the other side. We will then continue west until we reach Vernom. With a steady pace we can reach the city by nightfall of this very day.”
Rovin spoke up towards Doug and then the rest of the party, “Doug, at some point I will need to request your services. I have one stop we need to make on our way towards the canyon. Auron, I will take the lead till we get there.”
Auron motioned with both his hands towards the front of the group and the rest gathered together to continue their trek across the great expanse of field know by the locals as Tildman Ways.
The hours moved by with the steady pace of the group. They covered much ground in that time and then Rovin began to slow in pace. The group slowed down with him as they watched the bearded child survey the land before him. Then he took a slight left and picked up pace. Within a few yards there sat a stone. Not much bigger than an apple, it sat in the sparsely weeded field strangely out of place. Rovin made his way over to the stone, picked it up, and glanced at Dougeranth. “Doug, if you’d please,” he motioned to the ground beneath him, “dig a hole right around here.”
Without another command or request to be had, Dougeranth hefted the great shovel in his hands and set to work on the ground Rovin had moved away from with haste. The very earth beneath the muscle-bound man shot up and out of his shovel with rapid tempo. Within seconds, only Doug’s bald head could be seen from the top. The dirt stopped flying and sounds of rummaging came from the hole. “Aye, guys! Doug found a bag, ‘snot foods tho. Be hard shiny metals and rocks! Pretty… Ouch!” It sounded like he had something in his mouth. “Doug can’t eat them though, they no good.” A bag was tossed out of the hole with distaste; gold and silver coins, diamonds and precious cut gems spilled out onto the ground at Rovin’s feet. He bent down to recollect them in the sack as Doug got back out of the hole and filled it back up, even placing the rock back in its place.
Avah came over and picked the bag of treasures up. “I’ll be… There has got to be enough here to feed an army!”
Dough grunted in disagreement, “Doug already say. Them no good for eatin.”
“No, ya muscle brain… hunk. You can buy food, anything, with it. You don’t eat it.”
“Oh, monies! Doug never seent monies I just maked it for my boss. He said my monies was meets n tatoes. He keeped the useless monies, I gots the eating monies…. Dong not need metals and stones.”
Auron came over to Avah and hefted the load over his shoulder. She did not mind in the least, it was heavy. “Well,” Auron spoke, “you leave these useless metals and rocks to me, then, you can keep your meets n tatoes.” He looked off west. In the distance it seemed like the earth just stopped. “Not far from here is Tildman’s Folly Canyon. When we reach it we will head south and hopefully come across one of the rope bridges that cross it. Shall we?”
Auron now took up the lead with Rovin by his side. Avah, Dougeranth, and Kimbal took up the rear. 
As they made their way towards the canyon, short moments of silence were broken only by the adolescent conversation between Doug and The Bruise. 
“If’n I dug an ‘ole that deep Doug not sure what be on the other side. Methinks more dirt.”
“Yeah but what if you dug so far that you reached an end. Like the bottom of a table. And then there was just nothing. And you fell forever and ever and ever… and ever and ever… and…”
“Oh! Blazin burnin fires! Don’t dare say dem fings Bruise! Doug know deep down be more dirt. It goes forever. What be holdin da dirt anyways but more dirt!”
“.... Good point.” Kimbal agreed.
Soon the canyon was before them. In some parts the other side was close enough to sling a rock across to it. In others the chasm opened far and wide, visible only nearing the horizon. To either side of them the canyon unfolded far past the vision of any that looked. Glancing down from their vantage point on the rim, clouds reminiscent of fog obscured the true depth of the canyon. To look down would be overwhelming to most. Great, cold, gusts of wind whipped up from the giant crack in the earth, and the high pitched whistles of air running past steep rock sounded like voices moaning in eternal sadness and agony. 
Kimbal wrapped his arms around himself tightly to keep in his warmth as the cold gusts blew up and over them. He moved a little further back from the edge and shuddered. Fear eh, I think I might be getting a case of that right now.
“Over there,” Avah pointed south, “a rope bridge you mentioned is just a ways off.”
The group resituated their burdens and approached the rope bridge that stretched off towards the other side of the divide. 
Auron moved closer to its entrance and looked the rope bridge over for a minute. The others stood a few steps back in silence as they awaited his deliberation.
Auron grunted a sound of displeasure and agitation, “This won’t do. Some of these bridges are old, they are not as dependable as they used to be, and this is one of them. I suggest we move just a little further north till we cross one that is new, maybe even crossing less of a gap…” He walked back towards the group that now formed a half-circle facing away from the derelict bridge. 
“Doug no mind deep places, this bein the biggest an longest ‘ole Doug ever seen. Need one big shovel to make an ‘ole like dis.”
“Well, I would rather us cross where we know it to be safe than risk injury… or worse.” Avah started, “but if we move any further north we will be going further from Vernom than planned. We might not reach the city till morning of the next day, if we were to keep walking….”
The elf spoke up then, “I feel this is easily settled then, punctuality aside, it is best if we move further up north to take a steadier, more dependable bridge. Auron, Avah, Doug, Kimbal….” He looked around the half circle for Kimbal but he was not there. He must have moved away in the middle of their deliberation. The group turned to catch sight of him and they all froze in place. Avah’s mouth became agape and she quickly closed her mouth and turned to stare towards the bridge with the others. 
Kimbal had moved out onto the rickety rope bridge by a few paces. His back turned to the group as he stepped out a little more, resituated himself, and turned around to greet them all with a big grin on his face. “Guys, the bridge is just fine. Weren’t you the one that said we have to conquer our fears, Auron?” He jostled the ropes a little with his arms and the bridge swayed and creaked a little. Nothing drastic but the others were very concerned now. 
Auron spoke, a cool and steady voice almost troubled with a hint of unrealized urgency or desperation. “Kimbal, you damned fool. Come back here before you fall victim to your own stupidity!” 
Avah chimed in, “Look, kid. Get your ass back here, we are going north to find a safer route. We are leaving now,” she bluffed, “we won’t mind leaving your moronic behavior behind, now come on!”
Rovin remained silent and Doug placed two hands over his surprised expression.
Kimbal was sure just by being out on the rope bridge that it was safe for them all to cross. He would have been more fearful had it not been for the fact that the excitement of real adventure had overtaken him. He felt like this was his moment to overcome. His moment to take the fear he had and vanquish it with great courage. “No,” the boy called Avah’s bluff, “we can cross here and still make it to Vernom in time! None of us want to walk all night and into morning do they? Auron, for someone as brave as you claim to be you sure you are not just afraid of heights?” He laughed and shook at the ropes again.
Auron took a step closer to the rope bridge. As it jostled around from the boy’s movements and the wind whipping up through the fissure he could hear, by experienced ear, the sound of tension building on the ropes. He reached underneath his feather and hide cloak, “Kimbal, you stupid twit. Get back here before the bridge gives ou….”
Before he could finish his last word his worries came true. Sounds like whips cracking into the air shot off one at a time. The bridge gave out and Kimbal began to fall with it. Before the bridge and boy made it below the canyon rim Auron shot out an arm and casted a grappling rope out towards Kimbal. They waited with bated breath as the rope continued to drop along with the bridge and The Bruise. The slack on Aurons rope became instantly taught. Auron sighed in relief and he started to hold tightly as he crept forward and start to pull up line. Doug came behind him and it almost became like a bull playing tug of war with a baby. But only for a short moment did everything seem okay. The line became slack again. They heard the boy scream.
Kimbal had felt as his heart leapt into his stomach and the steadiness of rope below his feet become an illusion. All feelings of greatness left him as if lifted by the winds that now rushed up below his feet. He saw the grappling hook line shoot out from Auron’s extended arm as he fell and he reach out in desperation to meet it. Auron’s throw was accurate but Kimbal only caught hold of the line after the hook struck his chest, knocking the wind out of him for a moment. He grabbed ahold of the rope for dear life and felt the rope tighten. His grip was not tight enough to counter the jerking of his body downwards and flesh from his hands now lined the rope as if it were red and white wax. The pain was too great from the rope burn and he let go with both hands. Then he let out a great scream of pain.
The wind rushed up past him and though its force seemed to slow his fall ever so slightly he fell at a rapid speed. Soon he watched as the heads of his companions came up from the edge of the canyon, unwilling spectators to his very own undoing. They looked as if pinheads in the distance now as air rushed past him at great speed. Then the whiteness took over.
Kimbal had never been more afraid in his life. Because now, he knew his death was coming. Soon, in fact this very day. He did not want to die. His foolhardy attitude had finally come to collect his dues. But a bump here or a bruise there was not what was in store for Kimbal. Somewhere, somewhen, the ground below waited for him and he would be cracked egg all over the kitchen floor. Fear so great built up inside of him and pure panic struggled to take over. In those last moments, Kimbal looked back upon the things he would miss, the new friends he had made, the great things he would have done, and then upon what Auron had told him just last night. This was his moment. The moment of great fear he said would come to him one day, he just never imagined it to be so soon, or in this fashion. He realized the fear of his death and he began to truly understand. Whether in fear or in courage death claims every soul. He had a choice to go out in worry, fear, and self-pity. Or he could calm his mind, think on the kinder things before his demise, and face the end with courage and clarity. As he continued towards the death of his own doing, the only thing he regretted was truly becoming a man only moments before his death. He closed his eyes in silence and faced his final moments with peace in his mind.
The crew above rushed over towards the edge. They all got on their bellies and peered over as they watched Kimbal The Bruise fall to the size of a small figurine and soon become enveloped by the white clouds below.
Avah noticed that she had an arm outstretched towards the boy, and that she could no longer hear his screams but noticed the sound of her own. She held back tears of sadness and frustration, “What… the…”
“Fuck.” Auron finished. He got up on his knees and began to dust himself off.
“Gods damn it all, that stupid shithead.”
Rovin, still looking over the edge for a moment felt a great release of Rhun come up with the winds and he took in a deep breath. “Celery seed.” He said as he got up with Avah to walk towards Auron, who was packing his pipe once again. 
“What’s that?” Auron asked.
“It was missing celery seed I am sure of it…” With that he started off north to search for a sturdier bridge for them to cross. 
Doug was the last to come up from the edge of the canyon and he ran after them, shovel in hand, “Oy, yas thinkin we might get down der and ‘elp The Bruise back up, Doug sures ‘e must be hurting something bad after that fall.”
Avah held more sadness out of pity for the boy than of fond memories of him, but the pain of seeing such a young and vivacious life gone so quickly was something to mourn to oneself for a short duration, she was sure. “We are not going to get him Dougy, Kimbal is gone. We have to move on.”
Dougheranth caught up with the others and they headed further up the canyon towards the north where they found a proper short and sturdy rope bridge to cross with ease and they headed on the long trek back south towards morning of the next day in silence. Towards Vernom, great city of the Ifrim Kinfolk.
Vernom, the City of Fire. Shortly after the Third Age, in the wake of slaughter by the hands of gods, demigods, and men; Vernom was constructed out of the rubble of a much older city, an ancient city whose name none but scholars bothered keep in memoriam. A demigod by the name of Ifrim, offspring of Jau’Jun God of Fire and a human woman by the name of Belmisa. Ifrim and any surviving soldiers that swore fealty to his kind emerged alive and therefore, one of the victorious in the Battle of Atrium. Gods, demigods, and men alike had struggled for supremacy and died. Others fled. After the death of his wife and from guilt and embarrassment Jau’Jun, God of Fire, was one who fled. Belmisa’s life, he thought, was the greatest loss of the entire war. Rebelling against fellow gods did not come without a price. The demigod Ifrim quickly replaced Jau’Jun and the humans followed him passionately. Ifrim, like many other demigods that were left behind by the dead, broken or apathetic gods, took on many wives and mistresses. Demigods fathered and mothered children that held the heritage of strong Rhun within their blood. These offspring were called the Kinfolk. Their natural-born supremacy placed them on a pillar high above the common human. But their human nature, imperfections, and ambitions were something that humans proved to create a profound connection between man and god. 
In the wake of the Third Age, Ifrim and his people returned to an ancient city once ruled by a race now long forgotten and even more elusive than the elves. They rebuilt, and claimed the land as their own by right. Ifrim named it Vernom after a general, and dear friend of his, who died by unfortunate betrayals of savage warfare. Monolithic pillars stretched out from marbled main streets. Everlasting orbs of fire sat above each pillar illuminating Vernom to the point of being considered “its own celestial body” as ascribed by local poets. The citizens of the City of Fire never knew of dark nights, cold winters, or autumns for that matter.
Rovin and company arrived at the entrance to the great City of Fire, Vernom, with the rising of the sun, having traveled through the night. Eventually, as they continued south and then west again, they used the light given off by the great city in the distance, like a second sun come to earth. As they made their way not one person spoke. In one respect, a young and spunky member of their group had recently fallen to their death at Tildman’s Folly. In another, still related respect, the only other person willing to hold conversation aside from Dougeranth had recently fallen to his death at Tildman’s Folly…
Vernom was always awake. Stores and open markets lined either side of the marbled streets and any that were opened for business were packed to the walls with people of all sorts. On the rare occasion a Kinfolk of Ifrim could even be seen about the city conducting business. A small orb of fire ranging from the size of a pea to the magnitude of a child’s large toy ball hung suspended above their heads. Handsome and beautiful alike, Kinfolk were known to stick out in a crowd. 
But something different had arrived in Vernom. Something most, if not all, eyes had ever dreamed to see. Rovin the elf of Haveran walked the streets. An elf, whom without the near comical large beard, walking bare-ass naked down the streets followed by a dark and beautiful Kinfolk woman, a walking human mountain of handsome with a shovel, and a deadly and equally dashing (despite his menacing one eye) mercenary. But, the elf! Even the most veteran and well-traveled of the crowds could not help but cast a glimpse at a race that many had rumored to possibly be extinct. Yet as plain as day, and the everlasting fires of Vernom, a strange elf in the company of even stranger companions continued down the marbled main roads, seeming only concerned with themselves; and maybe even completely unaware of the occasional glances of surprise and wonder, and whispers of gossip present in the bustling crowd of cityfolk. Many, if heard, would have been noted for musing that the elf was in fact just a child dressed in a large beard costume for some play or street performance. 
Eventually, Rovin spotted a less elegant, yet still cozy tavern by the name of Jau’Jun’s Palm. 
Auron was glad with Rovin’s selection of lodging. Jau’Jun’s Palm boasted well crafted furnishings that all matched, and crystal lantern light welcomed the new arrivals as they made their way into the teeming dining area and bar of the tavern.
Rovin walked up to an empty table and placed his bag up on a tall wooden chair in front of him. He then hoisted himself up atop the bag so that he sat chest high to the well polished and lacquered table. Then he placed his wooden box down in front of him as Avah and Dougeranth joined. 
Auron removed his spear and leaned it up against their table. He placed the bag of treasures down beside Doug and pulled out a handful of coins and precious gems. The use of such currency did not deter him, he had traveled with similar amounts of booty, though not in his actual possession nor at his full disposal, and was not bashful with spending good coin. Any fool stupid enough to try and cross him for more than a copper piece would surely regret it. He walked up to the bar and motioned for a barman to come over his way. He glanced around the room, back at his companions, and then down the bar. A mixture of well-to-do and those who have seen better days mingled in close quarters with one another, clearly a place where people understood pecking order. The more rough looking and unsavory lot seemed to take up their usual places at the tavern bar. A balding man with a mug of ale was carrying on vulgarities with another fellow beside him as Auron laid out a handful of silver coins, accompanied by a couple polished gems, and motioned the barman closer so as to not speak too loud over the surrounding patrons. “Food and lodging for four, sir.” He turned back around and pointed to his group “That’s us over there…” 
The barkeep looked down at his offer and accepted it with little to no reservation, even after noticing one of his tenants for the night would be an elf. “Very well sir, I will send a maid over to your table in a moment to accommodate you all.” 
“Also,” Auron continued, “If you could gather me up a small list of local libraries, colleges, or vault of records on this side of town we would be most grateful.” He then pulled out two more coins, gold, and handed them directly to the barman. “And as usual when a customer pays for prompt service and discretion it is clearly expected without fault.”
“Yes, indeed sir. I will have a maid and a list over to you right away…” the barman turned to walk away and Auron moved back around to return to his party in waiting. The bald man at the bar had turned around now and Auron got a good look at the patron's face. Balding, homely, he looked as if he had recently been beat to shit and back. Missing teeth even. The patron's eyes grew large as Auron’s one eye met his.
Patsy.
“Well,” Auron spoke up in amusement, “if it isn’t an old acquaintance of mine from yesterday. How ya holding up there, Patsy?”
“It… Aw gods damned my luck it's you!”
The man began to shake violently as if reliving a great trauma. And he was. Patsy slowly stood up from the bar laying his shaky, spilling mug onto the bar and began to slowly walk back. Trying to ease some distance between himself and Auron, as if he were a predator with sharp nasty fangs. “Look, man. I got no problems with you right? Ya done killed my friends, ya ruint the good lookin face my momma gave me….”
Auron pulled out his pipe and began to pack it. “Well, Patsy. Don’t start no shit won’t be no shit… agreed?” He lit up and blew the dizzying and spicy smoke towards the battered man and he took off out the tavern door like a panicked rabbit into his hidey-hole. Auron let out a content grunt as he released another bout of smoke towards the cloudy, crystal lit tavern ceiling and joined his crew at their table.
Within moments of the barkeep being payed and the party settling in, a barmaid came over to their table. She looked as well kept and attractive as the rest of the tavern workers, shoulder length curly blonde hair framed a soft and pleasant face. “My stars, I never imagined in my entire life to see a real elf in the flesh. Let alone be of service to one! This is quite a treat. Have you all come here for business or pleasure.” She then turned her gaze over to the broad shouldered, muscle bound, Dougeranth and shot flirtatious eyes at him.
“Business.” Auron said without enthusiasm
“Both.” Corrected Avah
“Neither.” Finished Rovin.
“I digs the ‘oles, Doug real good at it!” 
The barmaid’s admerious gaze on Doug transformed to a raised eyebrow of suspicion then to a look of disappointment. She sighed, “Very well then.” She recovered and placed two keys down on the table. “These go to your rooms the Fox room and the Badger room, respectively… What can I fetch for you all? It looks as if you have traveled for some time. Aside from our usual house special of venison and potatoes, we currently have lamb in stock as well as fresh breads and produce, hot soups, teas, beers and wines…” 
“Doug wants the meat and tatoes, pretty lady.” He beamed a stupid grin at her in hopes to get another playful glance at him. 
Instead, she looked towards him as if recently hearing news that Doug was sick, and contagious. “Right, one house special,” she looked towards Auron.
“Lamb, a piece of its liver too if you got it, some onion… and a local beer.”
Avah spoke with confidence driven by mild hunger, “Apples?...” 
The barmaind nodded at her.
“... Great, I would like some sliced up, a local cheese or butter… Or both if you have both. Then a loaf of bread,” she glanced over at Rovin and raised her voice. “Just for me though, you ruin your own loaf elf.”
“Right, and…” The barmaind started to look toward the elf when Avah spoke up once more, not finished with her order.
“Then, I would also like a piece of lamb, assuming it’s roasted. Some of your local red wine, warmed with mulling spices. Then a slice of whatever pie or cobbler you might have, with cream….”
The waitress waited a moment longer to make sure she was finished then looked over to Rovin. It seems the group, in this short time, had eroded some of her pleasant demeanor.
The elf cleared his throat, “Beet soup please. Oh and if you would care to ask your chef to add celery seed at the very end for me that would be delightful.” For someone who, to this point, has showed little in the way of excitement the whole group was surprised to notice a hint of joyful suspense in his tone.
The barmaid curtsied, “It will be my utmost pleasure to cater to your requests right away. May you find comfort and peace here in Jau’Juns Palm.” She then left them, both in sake of their privacy and the sake of her patience, to prepare their meals, assure their rooms were in complete order, and notify the bath house to prepare for four additional patrons.
They waited for their late lunch to arrive. 
Avah looked over at Auron with a raised eyebrow as she watched him puff away on his short pipe. Whatever he smoked was not tobacco or mild herbs, the scent of the smoke was spicy. It tickled the nostrils, even its second-hand smoke seemed dizzying almost to the point of nausea. “Was I imagining things or was that man you had a confrontation with the perv we let live a couple of days ago?”
Auron let out a short grunt followed by another puff of spicy smoke. “Yeah, Patsy. I asked him to come over and join us for a drink but he had more important things to attend to…” he said sarcastically.
“Right,” Avah replied, “it would be in his best interest if he avoided us like a plague. Though, I wager I would do something to him far worse than any sickness ever would.” She then gazed up with hopeful eyes as three kitchen hands came towards their table with trays of food. And a small slip of paper, given to Auron.
The group had quite an attractive spread placed before them. Steam came off each plate; it all looked good and smelled good too. Each went about their usual eating habits. Avah made sure to start on her bread first glancing at Rovin only once to be sure the sneaky elfkind did not think to snatch it away from her.
Dougeranth, always one to surprise, would take a bite of his venison and potatoes and as he chewed each serving he made loud, over exaggerated, sounds of satisfaction. Avah rolled her eyes but said nothing. They let Dougeranth carry on in this manner, undisturbed, out of silent amusement.
Rovin placed his bowl of hot beet soup between him and his wooden box. He lifted a spoonful of its contents up to his lips and he made a sharp slurping sound. All the while he stared at the box of bones. An expression of indifference replaced one of cheerful curiosity. He shrugged his shoulders and continued to eat the soup neither disgusted nor pleased with it.
“By hot fire, this meat an tatoes be better than any I had in ‘averan…” Doug spoke around half chewed bits in his mouth and lifted up a fork full towards Auron. “Wanna ‘ave some?”
Auron took a long draft of his beer and went back to clearing his own plate. “I’ll pass, thanks.”
Doug moved his fork over to Rovin to no reply then towards Avah.
The Kinfolk woman took her fork and moved over to Dougeranth’s plate to collect her own serving. Doug stared at her like she had done something rude, “Don’t mind if I do.” As she ate it she made mock sounds like those Doug made when he ate. Auron and Rovin both glanced up at her with slight amused expressions. Doug’s grin widened and he went back to cleaning off his plate.
The table was cleared, an exotic smelling tea was then brought out to them. 
Auron unfolded the small piece of paper given to him with the meal and glanced it over for a second, folded it up and slid it over towards Rovin. “A small list of libraries around this area of the city. Whatever it is you are looking for could possibly be in records.”
Rovin glanced it over for a moment and placed it down. “Libraries are fine but what catches my eye most is the clerk of records listed here. What I look for is hardly known by my own kind let alone the humans.” He glanced around the table for a moment and then retrieved his box, once more stowing it into his thick beard as if by magic. “I will go there tomorrow to see what I can dig up, you are all free to do as you wish. Come along with me or snoop around the city, it's up to you. We will meet back at the tavern sometime tomorrow afternoon. I am sure to know our next steps on the journey ahead of us… or things can be complicated and mere recordings of human history will leave us to find other ways.”
Doug spoke up with great enthusiasm, “You be diggin up ‘oles to be findin’ things Doug thinks he comin with yous tamarra.”
Avah shot a playful punch out at Doug and retracted her hand, shaking off the sting as if she had punched a brick wall, “No, ya dunce. He is not actually ‘digging’ up information. It’s not literal.”
Doug stared back at her with blank eyes.
“Nevermind. I am going to poke around town. This is my first time in a city, Vernom is absolutely beautiful! You old men can go read your dusty books, I am going out.” She turned her attention over to the bag of Rovin’s buried treasure, “I’m thinking… shopping spree…” She rubbed her hands together. 
Auron and Doug stared blankly. 
Rovin shrugged. “Got more around here somewhere.”
Doug piped up again, “Doug come with you den. Doug hears cities be trouble. Dougy help keep pretty lady from trouble.”
“Once again,” Avah pointed at him, “My NAME is Avah, not pretty lady. Come along if you wish but if you go off digging holes don’t expect me to stick around.”
Auron got up and picked up both room keys, the rest stood up from the table as well. Suddenly, a subtle yet sharp pain grew under the covering of his hidden eye. He focused on the room, background sounds dimmed and everyone in the room moved as if in slight slow motion as he casually looked about surveying the patrons of the tavern. Nothing stood out, no one seemed suspicious. But the subtle pain in his eye… something was near. Something from his past. By chance whatever it was could be mere coincidence…. but- He would sleep lightly tonight. 
The group moved upstairs and stopped in the hallway. The doors leading to the Fox and Badger rooms sat opposite of each other in the hall. 
Rovin looked at either door and then spoke up. “I will take the Badger room…” he took the key from Auron and opened the room, heading over towards the window on the far end. 
Avah silently weighed her options and and headed for the Badger room as well. She had already roomed with the elf once before, though that time unbeknownst till morning. The elf’s eyes, she knew from firsthand experience, were not as curious or nosey as those of a human man’s.
It was easily settled. Avah closed the door to their room as Auron and Doug entered the fox room. 
Doug cleared his throat uneasily. “Doug not diggin a sleepin ‘ole tonight.” He sat down on the bed and took in and let out a deep sigh, “Doug no sleep good on beds…”
Auron walked over to the beds and glanced down, “Well look Doug, no reason to worry, there is enough space between this bed and the floor for you to sleep under the bed if that helps. It’s no ‘sleeping hole’ but if you tried to dig one here we would fall down into the dining area below.” He began to remove his more cumbersome clothing and decided that he would take a trip to the bath house before bed. A chance to indulge in a pleasure he had only taken advantage of a handful of times in his life. 
Doug would finally decide that sleeping under the bed proved to be more pleasing to him than any other fashion and decided to join Auron at the bath house.
Patsy hated that damned mercenary and his group of shit-heads. It was just a couple days ago that they had walked upon them, on the road, as they conducted business. Not long ago that the one-eyed fuck killed his best buddy, Ross, and the rest of his crew. Patsy had never dealt with defeat, being the predator never left him time to contemplate the nature of being someone’s prey. Anger and fear took him in great waves as he made his way from Jau’Jun’s Palm and through the fire lit streets of Vernom. 
He paused for a moment, right before a turn down a less lit alleyway. A slight smile came to his ugly frowning mug. There was a silver lining now, though. The cursed merc and his group were on his turf now. Aaron, the bandit king’s turf. And when their fearless leader heard of their presence in Vernom and that they were ones that dared cross him... ones that seemed to carry quite a bit of coin on them as well… Aaron would be sure to see them pay out the nose for what they had done. Pay for the death of his dear friend, Ross, his fellows and the molestation of his sweet “handsome” face. 
He turned down the Alleyway. 
Rovin had moved up to the windowsill and looked out at the city exposed around him. He had taken little notice that Avah had made arrangements in the room and left to bathe off the last couple days. Vernom was very impressive for a modern human city. The race had definitely seemed to steadily come into their own regardless of great changes that had occurred in the last few hundred years. Though he still found humans to be one of the most dangerous creations of the absent gods he still felt a miniscule hint of envy for their imperfections, their flaws. It made them not only the most dangerous kind but also the most entertaining, most animated. He began to reminisce on much older days, ancient days. 
Then he noticed something as he looked up and off across the beautiful city of fire. The sun was moving on course towards the direction he faced. The Badger room window faced the wrong way. He let out a quiet grunt, amused that he had been so lost in his own thoughts recently that he had misdirected himself. 
The problem was easily fixed, though. Rovin left the room of the Badger, all his possessions still stowed safely in his mystical beard, and used his Rhun to quietly unlock the door to the fox. He walked up towards the window and gazed out upon the city once more, this time facing east. He dug into his beard and removed his late apprentice, placing the box on the windowsill. He let time move by awake as he had in his sleep, with thoughts of the past; some thoughts accompanied with indifference, many coupled with fondness and sadness. 
The city outside seemed to remain in daylight even as the celestial ceiling of night moved further into place above. 
Rovin heard footfalls and muffled speech outside and they grew closer. Then stopped.
Outside, Auron and Dougeranth had made it halfway down the hall and towards their room. Then Auron had stopped. He held a finger up to his lips and prompted Dougeranth to silence his rambling on about how nice a hole for bathing the bath house had. After a filling meal and relaxing soak, his faculties were optimal. Something seemed… out of place to him. He pondered for a moment on the pain he had felt earlier that afternoon. The small pain behind his cloth veil. Behind where his eye used to be. It could not be, he reassured himself, it has been almost twenty years why would they come now? Waiting till they think I got a little rusty, maybe?
Then he focused on something on the floor. Between the Badger and the Fox rooms. The slightest amount of dirt was present. To an untrained eye it would have looked like nothing greater than ordinary. To Auron they were a trail of dirty markings by the unwashed feet of an elf, heading from Rovin and Avah’s room to his and Dougeranth’s. He relaxed and waved his bewildered company on. The door had been unlocked. He had not only remembered locking it but also taking the very room key with them to bathe. A tricky elf, that one. Full of secrets and full of interesting tricks.
He opened the door to find Rovin, back now to the window, wooden box under one arm to greet them with a stoic stare.
“Well, elf,” Auron started as he walked in with Dougeranth. “Seems we did not like our original sleeping arrangements? Avah kick you out for being a creepy old elf?” It was meant out of jest but Rovin replied with a solemn shrug and spoke.
“The sun sets in my room. I like to watch the sun rise. Ubis and I like to watch the sun rise.”
“Ubis?...” He glanced down at the wooden box and assumed he named it, “Right.” Has this elf fallen off the blade? Can an elf go mad? Now, ya done it old friend, he told himself, gotten mixed up with a mad old elf. And why not, crazy has just always seemed to be my type. “Okay,” he spoke up again.
Rovin said with a fair amount of apology in his voice, “It's peculiar to you, I am sure. I will stay here with Dougeranth. If Avah protests my change in arrangements just let her know I trust you wouldn’t do anything I wouldn’t do, so.” He turned around and walked back towards the open window, day-like brightness still pouring into the room.
Auron sighed, still in his bathrobe, as he collected up his traveling bag and weapons. “Do me a favor and have the launder bring my clothes to the Badger room when they arrive.”
“No worries, Auron. I will bring them there myself. Just to make sure my word is being upheld.” It almost seemed as if he were joking had he not taken such a placid tone.
Auron did not even honor the elf’s poor jest with a reply as he crossed the hall into the still unlocked door of the Badger room. 
Avah was not in the room. 
He assumed then that she was still probably in the women’s bath house. The young Kinfolk woman had rope length hair after all. 
Rovin eventually came to the door and knocked, neatly folded, clean and warm clothes in both his arms; his and Avah’s. Auron poked his head out of the door and looked down both sides of the hall then took his clothes without a word and closed the door again. Removing his bathing robe and tossing Avah’s clothing onto the opposite bed he quickly dressed as if in a race. By the time he had gotten to buttoning up his long sleeved travel shirt the door opened. Auron stared at first in surprise for he did not even hear her approaching down the hallway. Then he stared, slightly abashed, by the surprised expression she gave back.
Avah had spent most of her bath time washing, drying, brushing and braiding her hair along with the help of two other tavern hands. She had made her way back to the room anticipating a good night’s sleep. Avah now stood in the doorway into the Badger room. She was both surprised and curious at the presence of Auron in her room. “I don’t recall requesting the company of a male escort this evening,” she then chided, “and if you are the best they could send then I wish to file a complaint.”
Auron continued to button up his shirt, covering up scars and well-toned body alike. He felt her eyes upon him but as he glanced back up she had turned away, moving towards her clothes tossed upon the bed near her. 
“Do you mind?”
Auron turned to face the window, it was opened and he moved towards it to pull the glass shutters back in. He heard ruffling of clothing and as he pulled the shutters fast and locked them he caught a glimpse of her in the reflection. Her reflected image was not well defined but Auron could make out Avah’s pleasing silhouette. An athletic body designed by a woman who hunted like a deadly animal. He would have lied if to say he did not have trouble quickly turning his attention to the curtains and drawing them closed, blocking out the warmth of her image and the eternal daylight of the city outside. 
Auron cleared his throat and began to reach down into his travel pack to bring out his pipe and herbs. “Rovin wanted a change of scenery. Said that the other room was more to his liking because him and his box friend can watch the sun rise.”
Avah finished up dressing and began to unfold her bed covers to get under them. “Go figure, I always imagined elves were a strange folk but Rovin really puts things into perspective. You think all elves are that strange? You can look now, by the way.”
Auron lit up his pipe and remained facing the other way. “Hard to say. He is the only elf I have ever known, for this long at least. I guess that’s why I want to come along, well that and the payment for my services he has offered thus far could already land me good retirement…” 
“There is something about him. Somewhat comforting and somewhat dangerous.”
“Yeah, guess that’s why I gotta stick around. I’m not ready to settle down yet.”
Avah began to cough. “At least crack the window again if you're going to be doing that in here! You trying to kill me?”
“Never,” Auron replied in a jarringly serious tone. He got up, moved the curtains aside and cracked the window open. His spicy and dizzying smoke moved out into the gentle breeze in the alleyway outside. The rooftop across from him was just a leap out the window, below him. Though stars and a moon filled a dark night sky, day reigned in Vernom. Indeed. 
Auron finished up his pipe, people-watching from afar down the north end of the alley. He noticed then that Avah’s breathing had become long and deep. She slept now. He emptied his ashes down into the alleyway and without disturbing the bed’s covers he reclined up and dozed off into a half-sleep. All the while recalling the two moments today where something from his past had come back. Like some kind of painful sickness you never wished to revisit, the pain in his missing eye reminded him that one’s deepest, darkest, memories can’t simply be walked away from; forgotten with passing of time. The sickness could come back, this time stronger and looking to finally do him in. That’s not gonna happen.
Though the city of Vernom never slept, it’s people did. Curtains of well threaded and dark colored cottons were a staple to anyone fond of proper sleep. 
The room of the Fox was relatively dark, quiet; except for the snore of a monster from underneath a bed while Rovin gazed off past the bright cityscape and beyond towards the invisible horizon. 
The room of the Badger, gravely silent aside from Avah’s steady breathing, also lay in a deep and obscure twilight. 
Auron aroused himself smoothly out of his half-sleep. A soft, dull, pain began in the right side of his skull once more. He kept his head tilted forward, dark plainsman hat shading over his one good eye. The pain began to grow. It had been so long since he had felt something so excruciatingly painful. Early and long years of conditioning held him in check, though, regardless of the pain. It now felt as if salt was being applied to a fresh wound in his skull, and grinding into it. Then he heard the faintest sound. As if a bird had taken flight off a roof tile and flew to perch upon their windowsill. 
But it was not a bird. It was a man. A shadowy profile slowly crept out of the dark cloth curtains and a small slit of light ran like a thin string towards the door. A head turned to gaze upon the bed Avah slept in. Auron caught a glimpse of a glowing, red, right eye. 
Without a moment’s hesitation Auron had not only launched to his feet but was upon the night visitor. Only the most gentle patter of feet heard. He quickly brought his arm in to hook his assailant's as he silently got him into a grapple. Though the energy of the room had become charged with men in mortal combat little sound gave way to the notion that any struggle was going on. Breathing became a little heavy as elbows, hands, and fists were thrown and countered. The gentle patter of four feet softly drumming on wooden floors. 
Auron finally got the man into a proper standing grapple. He was at a slight loss. This man had come in here with the intent to murder. This he knew without a doubt. In his current position he was not capable of dispatching him without further struggle. But if he did not end it now… the killer tried to struggle free of his grapple once more. He had to think fast. He looked toward the bed where Avah slept. She was no longer there. Even with a trained eye it appeared that she had vanished completely from the room.
Then, her face. As if appearing from the shadows in front of Auron and the attacker, Avah’s soft and sturdy face materialized. The bone white ivory handle of her hand scythe slammed into the assassin’s jugular. She had only meant to apply enough power to her blow to cripple the man but in her excitement she followed through all the way. The man fell dead to the floor.
Silence followed, Auron looked at Avah. She looked back at him. Then she spoke. “What the… who the fuck was that?”
Auron kneeled down in front of the dead assassin and turned him over. His eyes were still wide open in death. His right one, red like an ember, began to lose its glow. Auron stared into it as its light faded out. 
“An assassin of the Hejic order.” He stood up and moved over to his bed, removing the top blanket. “They come to kill, and nothing more. Wonder who he was after?” He lied. Deep down he knew that the man came for him, his past had finally caught up with him and now the Hejic order would be sure to visit him again. Then again, maybe they came for Rovin. Whatever the case the assassin’s eye had seen his face, the order was sure to notice him now.
“The Hejic order? I was under the impression you had to make some real enemies to have someone like that collect on your head. I am almost certain I have yet to make anyone that mad…”
Auron took this chance to sweep the issue under the rug for the moment. “Rovin was supposed to be in this room. He has also been around long enough to make enemies of this caliber.” He moved over to the dead body and began to roll it up in the blanket. “You ever have to hide a body, Avah?”
She knelt down with Auron and helped tuck the top and bottom ends in tightly. “Can’t say I have had much practice with that. What are you thinking?”
The seasoned mercenary stood again. “At this time of night there are less tavern hands about. We will have to be cautious and keep our wits about us but in the tavern basement there is sure to be a great furnace used not only to heat the rooms but also the baths. We will take him there and simply toss him in.”
Avah stood to meet him, “Oh yeah, great.” She sounded less than enthused, “sounds like a piece of cake.”
“That’s the plan. Alright, I will take the head you take the feet. We will wait till the coast is clear and then we will take the employee stairwell down to the furnaces. This city runs on Rhunic fire and requires little to no attendance, a lucky break for us.”
Avah let out a low grunt as she helped heft the dead body. “Yeah, lucky us… Talk about dead weight.”
Auron chuckled pleased to see Avah as gleefully sardonic as ever, given the circumstances. 
To both their good fortune and mild surprise the task was almost as easy as taking out garbage. They returned to their room where Avah set off back to sleep and Auron packed his pipe and assessed their current predicament. 
As well lit as the city remained in the night hours, Avah and Dougeranth would have surely slept in were it not for the fact that both had sleepless roommates. They gathered up all their belongings and met for breakfast before they parted ways into the streets of Vernom, planning to meet back at Jau’Juns Palm that afternoon. During breakfast, the group overheard two of the tavern workers talking with one another. 
“Did you happen to smell something peculiar coming from the bath house furnaces last night?” a slender, brown haired woman asked a short paunch barman.
“Oddly enough I did, Enid.” the barman paused, “like burning hair and roasting meats... sickening. Randy was sent down to investigate but when he returned he found nothing suspicious. Mayhaps a rat or other beast got too close and fell in?”
“Mahaps.”
Auron and Avah exchanged uncomfortable glances at each other but said nothing.
After breakfast was finished, the rooms were paid up for another night, including an additional charge to the Badger room for a missing blanket. Auron claimed it was sent to the launder because it was dirty from an accident that happened in the night. The launders claimed they never received the blanket, Auron insisted that he compensate for the misunderstanding. 
The group moved on outside and into the busy morning streets of Vernom. Auron and Rovin took off east, down the marbled streets, towards the local house of records.
Avah and Dougeranth went south towards the merchant district. She had made sure to fill her purse with a substantial amount of currency, planning to spend most, if not all of it, before the day was done.
The Kinfolk huntress and mountain-like ditch digger looked like quite the odd couple. They both stood at least a head or two taller than anyone else on the streets. Scarce in number, the fire Kinfolk with orbs of fire suspended over their heads, dressed in the finest of cottons and silks, walked the streets with the commoners. They were adorned with multiple necklaces, bracelets, and piercings of the most opulent fashion. 
It would be wrong to say that Avah felt some sort of shame for not dressing as lavishly; Avah had never known shame. It would be more right to say that she felt as if her entire life she had missed out on something though. A rich lifestyle, that in all normal circumstances would have been hers, was but something she could now only see with her eyes. She did not grow up in a palace, surrounded by servants waiting on her hand and foot. Instead, she lived in a cottage with the midwife of her birth, a woman she dearly called mother. She lived in the woods and she learned to provide for herself. She never dressed in fancy, costly, or exquisite threads nor did she ever walk with her nose held high in the air as if trying to avoid the stench of the common folk below her. Instead, she dressed for the hunt and she walked with patience and purpose. On occasion Avah would exchange passing glances with a Kinfolk and the reaction was always the same. They almost seemed to blink at her for a moment in surprise, seeing that she was of stronger breeding yet so underdressed. At least that is how the glances made her feel.
That would change today. Avah had decided that maybe it was time that she got her feet wet in the pool of proprietary living. That morning she made sure to collect up a small fortune with every intent on spending it. No objections were made, there was more than enough. Avah dwelled only a short time on the nature of Rovin amassing such a fortune. With a creature as old as he, she was sure that if he started his story from the beginning and ended at present day she would be dead of old age a few times over. Who cares where it came from anyway? She mused, especially if I’m allowed to spend it!
The markets lay on both sides of the great polished marble street. Buildings on both ends boasted items, goods, and services of the highest qualities and exotic origins. Carts, tents and beasts of burden filled every part not occupied by bustling bodies. 
Further off, Avah and Dougeranth could make out the trade harbor to the great river Trine. From this city one could take a ship further inland north or head south on a long trek back to the Madreatic Ocean. There was no doubt that many of the stores and open merchants here sold not just some of the finest products but surely foreign as well. 
The sounds and smells were all overwhelming to both of them. Random mixtures of spices, perfumes, cooking meats and teas mixed with the musk of body odors and animal droppings creating wafts both pleasant and sickening all at once.
Avah finally caught sight of a storehouse that had great potential for offering just what she was looking for. Out of excitement she grabbed Dougeranth’s large, callused, hand and tugged him along towards the establishment’s doors. 
They entered while the doors were held opened for a dapper, dark haired, Kinfolk man. Two servants followed behind him with tied parcels and bags. Avah realised that she still held Dougeranth’s hand and looked up at him, he looked back and grinned. She let go and shot him a look like don’t read too much into it. 
A voice spoke up from behind a long counter draped over with cloths of silk and cotton.
“Excuse me but if you are here to pick up for your lord or lady I ask that you make your way around back and speak with Adrian.”
The person speaking was an older man, dressed in nearly flamboyant tailor’s uniform. His hair salt and peppered, he boasted little wrinkles on a face that had seen at least 60 autumns.
Avah walked over towards him with all her usual confidence and leaned in towards the tailor. “I am not here to pick up for a lord or lady…” She then placed her heavy purse on the counter between them, “I would like to pay for your services…” She then looked back at Doug, the man stood there gazing around at the array of artistically patterned and expensive clothings and accessories. He was a shirtless mass of dumb muscle in the midsts of adept delicacy. “... and something for him as well.”
The man looked down at the bulging purse presented to him then back at her. His eyes full of wisdom and attention to detail. Then he spoke again, this time with newfound enthusiasm and sincere apology, “Oh my. I swore I would die a thousands times over before I saw a derelict Kinswoman! My dearest madam why would you degrade yourself so?” He paused for a moment and then began to laugh. Avah and Doug stared at him, “If you have come to play some sort of jest it has definitely worked! By gods, the things some of you courtly women do for amusement.”
A beautiful, sapphire-blond haired, Kinswoman on the far end of the boutique and haberdashery was startled by the tailor’s sudden laughter and turned to stare over at them for a moment. She then turned her attention back to the seamstresses doing last minute touches to her new dress, but only partly so. A well dressed, almost sickly pallid servant stood near her, looking bored out of his mind. 
Avah slipped a drawstring from her purse loose to expose its contents. “Amusing, isn’t it?” she commented, almost annoyed “let's get started shall we?”
The tailor spoke up again as he fingered through the collection of golds, silvers, and gems presented to him. “Yes, we are all the sporting type around here anyway. Madam…” He looked over at Dougeranth a bit dismayed, “sir… my name is Yoman Torres, Master Tailor, this is my shop. Welcome, welcome. Please have a look around and when you finally have something in mind, or you would like assistance with anything, I will be more than delighted to oblige.”
Avah took her purse back and fastened it again. Yoman moved his hands around motioning towards all his work and trappings of his trade. Avah began to walk through the vast collections of clothings, garments, and elegant fabrics. She was almost at a complete loss. Then something caught her eye and she gravitated towards it. The fabric was of deep green, almost black, and dark brown velvet. Black silk lace broke up the velvets and cottons. The pattern made her think of home, even made her think of her father. Her hand fell down to the ornate hand sickle at her side.
The haughty voice of a woman came from behind Avah, “That is hardly a good color or pattern for this time of year, are you planning ahead?” 
Avah turned around and met eyes with the sapphire-blonde haired Kinswoman from earlier. Her manservant stood behind her with a large box under one arm, seeming almost anxious to leave. 
Doug, standing beside Avah, turned as well and blinked at the strangers.
The Kinswoman spoke up again looking Avah over once more. Her tone was that of amusement. “I dare say no matter how reckless and barbaric of a jest you make in your current… garb, your sense of humor is just delightful! Tell me, what is your name? What Kinline are you from? What business do you have here besides poking fun at the locals?” The woman chuckled then, in a manner that had seemed rehearsed.
Avah wasn’t the least bit amused with this woman. It was almost natural for her to dislike someone of such a pleasant disposition. She turned her back to the woman and continued to look over her choice garment. “My name is Avah Avelyn, from the eastern woods of Ninoa. My business…” She chuckled a little, amused at the situation she found herself in, “is my own,” she finished.
The Kinswoman sighed, almost bored with something she thought would be a new, exciting, sport. “I am Exetria Ironbath, fourth in line to the Seat of Flame. Avelyn is NOT the name of any Kinkind. I would know, it is MY business to know. You jest too much and I dare say it wears a little on my patience.” The small orb of fire above her head pulsed ever so slightly.
Avah paused, alarmed by only one thing. This woman's manner and approach was unstable; she found it unpalatable. She behaved like someone spoiled and she wished her to just be gone. She turned her attention to another roll of cloth to the right of her. “Look, Doug, silver and blue would look nice on you don’t you think?”
Dougeranth, overcome by the whole environment around him, shrugged. “Wots this gots ta do wit diggin ‘oles?” 
The Kinswoman turned away in a silent fit and started off for a second before turning back around to speak towards them again. “You play your games like a child, Kingirl, I will be keen to find out who you really are and what business you have here. I bid my honor on it.” Then she stormed out, manservant trailing behind her as the doors were opened for her upon exit.
Avah shrugged her off like a passing chill breeze, grabbed hold of the two fabrics she had picked out and waved a seamstress over. “Go fetch the tailor master. He has work to do.”
Auron and Rovin followed the east road until they reached the house of records. A grand structure of impeccable masonry, crafted and directed by masterful hands and minds. And though it’s beauty would assume to boast a multitude of visitors, the place looked almost as busy as a mortuary. The two of them made their way up the flight of smooth marbled stairs towards the pillared archway. Towards the tall and wide opened gate entrance.
As the two entered the great hall of records the very environment seemed to take on a noticeable change. The air was almost too still, yet fresh. Warm, not too dry but also not damp. Pleasant, almost perfect. Great pillars of wood, each made from the single trunk of Magnanimous Cypress, humongous trees only found in the kingdoms of Ulfar thousands of miles from where they now stood. They were called so because some, even greater still than the tall ones here, held entire cities within its living wood. 
Books and scrolls not only ran a length of shelves to the point of invisibility, but also went all the way up to the high ceiling with the cypress pillars. Ladders posted on wheels leaned up at different lengths along each aisle as far as one could see. Before this monolithic amount of meticulously organized documentation became a labyrinth of books and scrolls, there was an open polished marble space where a hunched over elderly man took up post behind a matching counter top. Behind him was a great abacus of sorts. Each bead that ran the multitude of horizontal rods was numbered and each bead that ran vertical rods was marked with letters and symbols. The old man’s back was towards him as he worked away on quill and paper, glancing up occasionally to move a numbered bead somewhere, along with a lettered one. As they came closer they could both hear him mumbling under his breath, so low it seemed like the prayers of a long winded priest during meditations. 
The air did not only feel still but it was also very silent, that was until Rovin and Auron had entered and made their way towards the elder behind the marble counter. Aurons clomping travel boots and Rovin’s pattering bare feet echoed out with each step. When they finally arrived at the counter the old sage had stopped what he was doing and slowly turned around. He wore a pair of spectacles that seemed to make his eyes look several times larger than normal. The magnified eyes blinked at them for a moment, as if sore just from the sight of the two of them, then the old one removed the glasses from the bridge of his thin nose and seemed more pleased with his vision. He first looked to Auron and then his gaze moved down past the edge of the counter to get a better look at Rovin. The old man’s solemn look turned to one of surprise and curiosity. 
The elderly man placed his glasses upon the marble countertop and spoke in a well trained, wise and hushed, tone. “Ah, I see we have an elf come to visit. Pray tell me what reason would bring about such honor as your kind visiting?”
Rovin was pleased to see this man welcome him kindness and bravado. Then he spoke in almost equally hushed a tone. “I am in search of something, old. Existing even further back than elfkind. I am aware that such things are beyond rare in recordings of your kind, or even mine, but I muse that I could find a place to start and move backwards from there.”
The old man let out a soft and short chuckle of amusement, “Moving backwards in hopes to move forwards. Any idea what you are looking for, exactly?”
“Close enough,” Rovin replied, “Ikalpani, Dream Serpent.”
The old scribe turned back to his abacus like contraption and held his spectacles up to his eyes. Once he had found what he was searching for he placed his glasses back on the counter and stooped down behind it as he let out a deep sigh of exertion. He paused for a moment under the counter and then with a great heaving sigh he pulled up a large, leather bound book and opened towards its end. He reached for his glasses once more, transforming his small, wrinkle draped eyes, into comically large ones. He paused for a moment and then spoke up. “It appears you are interested in the obscure. I will do this for you at best: I will call a scribe to direct you into our lower levels of this record house.”
The sage closed the book and looked at the both of them, “I have an academic there who has wasted most of his best years on such indeterminate interest. His name is Horvul of Ipten. There is a chance what little we have about any such… Dream Serpent, would be something he has encountered in his pointless wallowing.”
Within a few seconds a young man dressed in plain grey initiate robes met Rovin and Auron at the main desk and motioned them to follow him. They traveled far behind the desk of the head scribe for a few minutes, passing row after colossal row of shelves crammed with books and scrolls alike. The young scribe made a turn to the left when they reached the far wall. Auron and the elf followed a few paces behind him, both still in awe at the collection of literature that this house of records held. It took both visitors a moment to realize that the temperature of the library became cooler as they made their way around the outside of the House of Records and down a set of stairs. As the group descended the light and warmth of the great room above left them with an air most cool and dampening.
The way below the House of Records was longer than expected for the both of them. After reaching the second flight the scribe leading them took up a torch from the wall beside them and lit it. He then motioned them to continue following him, their journey not yet complete. 
As they continued to traverse the dim stairway in silence Rovin mused that whatever information they kept down here was deemed by most, if not all of the scribes, as practically useless. It was of no surprise to him that such an intellectual group would have a hard time parting with any written works or documents, no matter how obscure or irrelevant to their purpose; found no surprise that beneath the warm, dry, and well kept upper floor lie the information that they were looking for. 
The flight of stairs eventually ended and leveled out into a long hallway and a grand wooden portcullis at the end, the atmosphere similar to that of the entrance to a crypt. The scribe placed the lit torch into a fitting on the wall on the right of the portcullis and pulled down on a lever there. A soft-toned bell rang out in the distance and then the sound of casual footsteps echoed from the other side towards them. The sound of footfalls grew ever louder and then stopped, there was a short pause and then the wooden portcullis began to raise ever so slowly revealing a middle aged man, the hair on his balding head shaped like a brown horse-shoe, dressed in fine blue scribe robes. His eyes were grey and blue and seemed to stare off at everything as if in a dream. 
The man pressed down on his robes as if trying to straighten out wrinkles that were not there and then he spoke. “Ah, Hedrek a bit early for lunch now is it not?” He looked over towards Auron and Rovin his gaze now almost sobering. 
The young scribe that escorted the two men spoke up, awkwardly, “Sage Horvul… These gentlemen here are looking for something… Master Scribe referred them to you.”
The balding scribe let out an amused chuckle that echoed down both ends of the desolate hallway, still pressing down on his robes to smoothen out wrinkles that were not there. “Master Scribe… Referred these men… To me?”
The dim flicker of light given off by the mounted torches crackled, filling the short period of silence. Then the sage spoke again. “An elf and a human companion come all the way down here to speak with me?” He scoffed and began rubbing his palms down his robe again as if dusting himself off. “The master scribe… Referred... You to me?” the echo of his voice into the hall was followed by soft snickering and he moved aside to allow passage of Rovin and Auron past the portcullis and into a grand basement area, filled with parchments of all sorts; almost like a miniature version of the upper floor but with an occasional pillar of stacked books and scrolls. Pillars of works stacked as if holding the grand library above up with their contents.
Auron followed Rovin into the “hall of obscure records”, no doubt aptly called. 
“You have both come here to get into ‘Nonsense’ with a mad scribe like me?..” Horvul of Ipten turned his attention back towards their guide “...Hedrek, now that I am thinking of lunch go on and fetch all three of us something.”
Rovin interrupted, “Oh, there is no need.”
Auron shook his head silently as the elf continued, “we are looking for anything about Ikalpani, A dream serpent… of sorts… Then we will be on our way.”
The balding sage smoothed invisible wrinkles in his robe and spoke towards the apprentice again, “Three lunches, Hedrek. Thanks, much appreciated.” He then released on a pulley, the grand wooden door came back down and he motioned the two visitors to follow him down a dim alley of tomes. Horvul turned his head back towards them to speak as he guided them, “Come with me human and elfkind, what you look for is coincidently the most obscure of all my researches. Rarely mentioned in the thousands of earthkind works I can roughly translate.”
Auron spoke up “Earthkind?”
Rovin interjected, “Children of the dead God Hegarom. A race the humans often called, out of ignorance, Dwarvenkind.”
Horvul continued to direct them through the maze of bookshelves, “Well, not all humans do, as I detest disrespect towards a race on the nature of their height.” Then he stopped walking, Rovin and Auron stumbled to a stop with him. They were now somewhere in the center of it all, just enough room in between the slew of bound and stacked literature sat a humble desk with a hanging lantern. “It is rarely mentioned by the Dwarves and when it is mentioned it is notes on a race about as obscure to them as they are now to us! I ceased any further research on the subject after a recent… incident that occurred.”
Auron spoke again, “Incident?”
“Indeed,” Horvul brushed down on his robes and directed his attention towards Rovin, the scribe’s eyes twice as wide from dim lighting and curious excitement, “Elfkind, I always desired to speak with living history. Tell me, I had heard recent rumor that none other than Rovin the patron elf of Haveran had risen from his cursed state… Tell me, rumor or coincidence?”
Rovin spoke up in a steady voice “Not rumour, I am the one the humans called Rovin of Haveran.”
The scribe gasped in half fear and half delight “Rovin of Haveran. Once Irvon, outcast of the goddess Ninuea. Creator and also healer of many great wounds in the third age.” Hands moved once more to smoothen fabric, “the first necromancer.”
“Necromancer?” Auron had never even heard of such a thing.
Rovin spoke up again, “A word of human construct, your kind always loved weaving stories. Horvul of Ipten, be mindful that the elf you have read about and the one before you are entirely different in nature.”
The scribe was gobsmacked, “Sure, sure… All the better reason to maybe ask you a few questions? For cross-referencing purposes, of course.”
Rovin breathed in as if about to start and Auron stepped in, “Look ya old book moth, I did not expect you to assume that we were here to chit-chat so I will give you the hint: we are not here for an interview, we are here for information. Can you help us or not?”
Auron reached into his jacket, Horvul paused mid-stroke on his robes to flinch, and pulled out his pipe. 
“Yes, gentlemen, I can be of some assistance. PLEASE, don’t smoke in here… Fire hazard,” Horvul motioned around him “, dry old books, bad ventilation, heavy portcullis door?”
Auron put it away. “Then tell us about this… dream serpent. I’m dying for a smoke break.”
Horvul motioned with both his palms up for them to stay and he moved off into the maze of books. His voice came out as he rummaged throughout “You were quite an interesting figure in the early wars of the third age… Fact or not, I always wondered what you could have done to be stricken, nearly petrified, by a great curse.”
Rovin did not reply to this. 
Horvul’s rummaging trek through his records continued as did his mouth, “I, nor any other early third age scholar, have negative opinion of you; far from it.” His voice was moving back towards the center again, “The majority of us have marked that even with you playing all sides you held fast on neutrality.”
Rovin then spoke up, his calm demeanor still held fast as he spoke, “I played no sides, humankind, war is not a game. I imagined to bring your wars to resolution, instead my influence caused more problems than solutions. I will always regret my ignorance towards the true nature of your kind.”
With that, everyone present knew the proverbial book Horvul opened was calmly closed for good. 
The balding scribe came back with two small rolls of parchment atop a large box. By the way Horvul carried himself whatever was in the box was cumbersome. Even when placing his finds on the desk, table creaking under the weight of the box, he seemed relieved of a hefty burden. He took in a short breath and tugged at his robes, “Here they are gentlemen, the most valuable of our finds from the ruins of Deg Hegoranth, City of the Earthfolk. Its ruins lie below the very guts of our great city of Vernom.” He stomped his foot down on the cold stone floor a couple times seemingly out of disdain.
Auron and Rovin moved in closer towards the table. Horvul stepped over to the other side of them and unlatched the box, then raised the lid. 
Horvul’s voice raised excitedly, “A large slab made of polished obsidian, letters somehow inlaid into the blackness with petrified Bright Yew. Letters of a language considered to be lost… if not long dead.” The scribe then unraveled the two scrolls so that Rovin and Auron could see, “These, here. When what was left of the excavation party came back with this tablet... Well. I dare say it's a find of astounding importance. At least to me it is… Luckily, I studied the Earthfolk language as sort of a... hobby of mine.” He tapped on the two scrolls, “These are translations of the tablet in the two most widely used languages of our kind to date, Everen and Grolsh.”
Auron looked at the scroll filled with Everen text then at the Grolsh. He was able to read both with ease, Everen and Grolsh being only two of seven human languages that he could speak and write. No doubt that Rovin was able to speak damn near any language under the sun, Auron would bet his life on it.
Rovin also moved, gazed down at them both and unrolled them to expose their full works. “Let's take a look-see, shall we?”
As Rovin and Auron read on the translations, a short timbre of the portcullis bell rang. Horvul left, then returned with Hedrek, the apprentice, carrying a wooden tray of fresh bread rolls, honey, soft herbal cheese and wheat beer. 
The two of them continued to read but they both seemed to be aware of food’s arrival. They read at a brisk pace now. Heads each nodding at different times as they digested the words on the canvases. Rovin was done first and moved over to a stool that held their tray of lunch. 
Auron, nearly finished, shrugged. This Dreaming snake that Rovin is interested in was not much of his concern. His stomach grumbled at him, encouraging him to join the other two for lunch.
They stood around the short stool, distributed the growler of beer into mugs and began to eat. 
Eventually Rovin broke the silence, “Do you happen to have the second half of this tablet? I read the tablet first and then your translations. I am impressed at your abilities, though there are some minor discrepancies between them. Nothing major mind you. But what you have here mentions in greater length an encounter between the Earthenfolk and the Scaleless ones or as they called themselves the Rashik. The Rashik people, a race I am not familiar with, whom the Earthfolk claim lived even deeper within the earth. Though it is mentioned that they claimed to be around much longer than the Earthkind, they also worshiped a great Serpent God. They seemed to be suffering from great misfortunes. The final statement on the tablet is incomplete though. There must be a second half to this work, one that warrants preservation of this story in such materials as obsidian and Bright yew.”
There was a moment of silence and Horvul pressed down on his robes as he spoke. “Well, I was wondering why I felt no resolution in this piece. Now I know for sure that their must be more where this came from. But there is one problem with all of this…”
Auron took a long draft of beer and joined the conversation, “The Incident?”
Horvul nodded.
Auron moved back towards the table where the large tablet and scrolls still lay out for viewing. “Why not just come out with it old man? Whatever you have to say about it will not phase us. Neither of us are weak of heart.”
“It's more bizarre and embarrassing than anything.” Horvul started, “About twenty years ago, when I still had the gumption and fire in my belly, I ventured down into the upper ruins of Deg Hegoranth with a small crew of mine. We would recover some ancient craftsmanship and the occasional book or parchment of the Earthkind. We were the first scribes to ever delve past human history and begin looking into the world of the fading races. Before it was too late. I took great joy in my work. The years went by, and I realized that all my discoveries, all my records, were seen as nothing more than rubbish to my peers. They said I was lifting a five pound weight to guess its heft instead of reading it on the side. The fading races were never even yesterday’s news.”
Rovin peeled off the skin of another roll and ate at the crust. “So you gave up?”
“No, but I was getting older. Me and my original crew we no longer physically able to make the journey below. So I took what money I had saved up for retirement and hired an expedition group to continue even further into the ruins. They recovered some great works, many I still have the pleasure of having in storage here in this room.” He looked over at the tablet. “This… This was the last of what was found.”
Auron scoffed, “Are you saying there is nothing left down there?”
“No,” the old man protested, “Far from it. Out of the six men that normally went on those recovery missions and returned… Only one came back this time. With this tablet under a mangled arm. I dare say he left more than a physical part of him down there to come back with this final piece.” 
Rovin and Auron both raised their eyebrows. Then Rovin spoke up, “Did he tell you what happened? Was it an ancient trap? An accident? Monsters?”
Horvul shrugged and began to roll up the scrolls once more. “I will never know. Tedrick, the man that led those missions, was no longer a sane man when he returned. He had been recovered in the lower sewers of this city, bleeding out from the stub of what was once his right arm, tablet in his dying grip. We were able to save the poor man from death, even though I think now that it would have brought him the peace he needs. When we asked him what happened, where the others were… He only spoke of a consuming darkness. A darkness of a thousand teeth. Hungry. Ravenous. The others were consumed, he said. Consumed by a sea of hungry obscurity. Eyes, large black eyes that were in such great number that it was the darkness. He had clearly gone mad, whatever he must have seen down there. I have since paid compensation to the lost member’s families and have continued to send half of what meager wage I do make to Tedrick and his family. I can’t stand to see any suffering from my own curiosities…” the room was silent for a second and he spoke up one last time, “so much for retirement, this library will be my tomb one day.”
Auron and Rovin looked at one another. Rovin shrugged, “Looks like we will have to go down there ourselves. Having any second thoughts, human?” He looked over towards the sturdy merc. 
“I never had a thought to begin with, elf.” Auron replied, “I will meet you outside. Goin’ up for a smoke. I can find my way out.”
Footfalls faded and the portcullis sounded its ascent, then its descent. 
“I will give you a map of every inch of discovered tunnel and ruin, as far as Tedrick and his late team uncovered… Where you go…” He trailed off.
“You have read of me, have you not?” Rovin asked.
“Yes, I am well studied in the early third age. According to what you have said I know the legend of you. Irvon the Necromancer. Yet I still bid you take caution. What ancient evils might lie in wait deep beneath the ashes of an extinguished war…?” He handed Rovin a scroll from his robe pocket.
Rovin took this and placed it smartly into his beard. He began to leave. Then, he stopped for a moment and spoke back towards the lone scribe, surrounded by a maze of information all deemed ‘obsolete, obscure’.
“Even the greatest of trees started as a seed. The same is for the stories of your kind.”
Rovin left the scribe in his tomb of obscurity and wished him peace in his final mortal years. He found Auron outside, at the bottom of the great marble stairs. Smoking on his pipe. It was nearing afternoon hours as they headed back towards Jau-Jun’s Palm, temporary home base for Rovin and company.
Rovin and Auron were the first to arrive. They took their usual table. The barkeep had made sure to reserve it for their return, and more gold in his pockets. They dismissed the barmaid, both of them still content with their last meal. Occasionally, they glanced towards the Tavern’s entrance to see if it was Avah and Dougeranth. It was soon apparent that the couple was not far behind them. They almost did not recognize them on arrival. 
Both wide entry doors swung open. Avah entered the room with mountainous companion behind her, shiny shovel leaning upon his shoulder. They both looked like royalty had geared up for travel. 
Avah no longer looked like a common woodswoman. Though her outfit was still tailored for travel and sport it was a mastery of elegant craftsmanship. It followed her shape naturally and made her look far from mannish, contrary to the fact that the style was popular amongst gentleman. Stunning, practical. Deep greens and dark brown velvets. Black silk lace overlay broke up the velvets and cottons, along with a short waist cape of black otter’s fur. 
Dougeranth, equally handsome as daft, wore a deep blue silk lined suit vest hemmed in silver, with matching buttons of pearl, along with a kilt of identical design. Draped over his left shoulder from front to back was a silver and white fur of the Tempal mountain lion held fast at his waist by a great belt and silver buckle. 
Men turned heads, women swooned as the two came to be seated with the stoic Rovin and chimney Auron. 
The Mercenary took them both in with an astonished, wide, eye. “Looks like there are two in the group that have no problem draining our purses.”
Avah replied with a smug expression, “Awww, jealous are we? You two have fun… reading books?”
Auron grunted, tapping his pipe ash into a bowl. 
Dougeranth held his shovel up for the group to see. It was the same one he had this whole time, a hefty shovel; even for a man of great size like Dougeranth. Except the wood had been polished and lacquered. The shovel head was retempered, polished, and sharpened. “Doug get his shovel lookin proper ready for a ‘ole.”
A woman from a table behind him, who’s lustful gaze on Doug could never be broken, snapped out of the spell the instant she heard him speak.
Auron cleared his throat. “You tell ‘em… Irvon.”
“Rovin…” Avah corrected
“Either is fine, thank you.” Rovin interrupted as he dug into his beard and lay out a roll of papers on the table before them. “Horvul was kind enough to give me a few maps to where we are going…” he separated one, “Our destination is into the farthest charted point of Deg Hegoranth ruins…”
A bar hand had come up to the table, a man this time. He held up a hand in apology, smirk of embarrassment on his face. “Sorry to interrupt I was coming over to make sure you were being seen to, yes?”
Their usual barmaid had been seeing to them, but she had other tables to tend to after all. 
Before any of them could answer he hastily spoke, “Excellent, if you need anything… please don’t hesitate to ask… I must move on now.” He turned his back to them and introduced himself to the table beside them.
Auron kept an eye on the bar hand and Rovin continued. “So our first step is going to be directly beneath us. In the sewers below.”
Avah almost spoke up in sarcastic protest when she realized she was now, more so than ever, expected to put some work in. She did cough though. “The sewers.”
“Right,” Rovin continued. “Deg Hegoranth lies even further below the sewer complex… much further. We will travel down into the underworks of Vernom from an entryway not far from the house of records we visited.” He pointed on the map.
The barman shot up a sharp laugh at an unheard remark from another patron and turned to leave, glancing down at their table for a second as he left off towards tables on the other side.
Avah spoke up. “Okay, when do we leave?”
Rovin collected up the maps and placed them back into his beard, “In a few hours. It is time we started getting somewhere.”
Avah looked at Dougeranth, who just shrugged.
“Something fishy about that bar hand.” Auron spoke up.
“What bar hand? There are literally several of them.” Avah replied.
“The one that stood by our table. I believe he was eavesdropping on our conversation.” Auron claimed.
Avah gasped, “Oh, do you think it has anything to do about the bloke we killed last night?” Avah did not realize what she had said before it was too late. But no one at the table showed an ounce of surprise.
Dougeranth shrugged, lost.
Auron looked over at Rovin and shrugged. As if sure that the elf somehow already knew about what happened in Avah and Auron’s room last night. He behaved as if he did. The elf never slept, after all, and was ever observant.
“He came for you, Auron.” The elf said solemnly
Auron shrugged, almost abashed “Well, I fancied to think that it was a mix up and someone was wanting to collect on you for leaving your rock… But that didn’t add up.” He chuckled bitterly. “Yeah, looks like they finally caught wind of me after all these years.”
Avah crossed her arms, “I wondered, you are just enough of a dark and mysterious fellah to have trouble barking at your heels!”
Auron put his hands up “Look, Rovin… Everyone. The Order. These people, they only want me. This burden is also my own, one I promise to alleviate. I have taken on this job you have given me, elf. I will aid you until its completion. You have my word that whatever comes my way will not hinder our journey.”
Rovin was silent for a moment, “Each of us here is a danger to one another, the demons of our past move ever closer. Your word is more than enough, Auron. You are not the only one at this table with a volatile history…” He looked steadily at Avah, looked down at himself and put his palms up. 
Their usual blonde barmaid arrived to take their orders. They ate with little conversation outside of how dapper Dougeranth looked now and they went to their rooms to pack up and rest a few hours before their journey into the underbelly of Vernom, the city of fire. Towards Deg Hegoranth.
The bar hand looked around, the elf and his party had left and went up stairs. He made his way through the back of the bar and out into the kitchen. Passing the Tavern’s chef and kitchen hands busy at work, he continued through a door and out to the back of an alleyway. A familiar sight stood there, Patsy, still bruised and puffy-faced from his beating. 
The bar hand spoke in a subtle tone, “Well you can go and tell the boss that he is one lucky son of a bitch he is, Pats.”
“Go on, spit it out ya pisser.” The short tempered man spat.
“They are going down into the tunnels below the city, through a stretch of sewers you and I know well as Hoff’s passage.”
Patsy shot up in excited laughter. “You tellin me that the elf and his crew plan to walk straight through the Bandit King’s own territory? How fuckin lucky is that I ask ya!”
The bar man stood there with his hand out. Patsy slapped down a couple silver pieces, “Go narc somewhere else ya rat!”
The bar man turned towards the door to go back inside, “Fuck off.”
Patsy just stood there, still too battered to fight, pointing his finger at the exiting man like it was a weapon. “No one likes a tattle tale…” He chuckled and headed back to meet with the Bandit King, Hoff. That sorry lot was soon to know the wrath of his leader. They would be dead and revenge would be his, as well as some of their fortune. Or maybe he would make the Kinfolk woman his slave… A disgusting grin grew across his mangled face.
A Showdown Underground FivE A Finger Points Towards Madria
___The Showdown Underground___
Vernom never slept. Hours had passed and evening painted the sky; daytime held fast in the city streets below. Rovin and company had closed out tabs at Jau’Juns Palm, collected their belongings, and traversed marble streets into an alley near the House of Records. Marked clearly on the first map as the entrance they would be taking into the city of fire’s underbelly, the four now stood around a manhole cover. Each one wondered in their own way if the dull sense of foreboding dread they felt was just the simple discomfort of traveling the tepid sewers or something more. Something that lie in wait for them. Below.
Auron let out a small sigh of impatience and placed the butt of his boar spear into one of the holes in the stone manhole cover, levered it ajar, and off to the side. Reaching into a sling-sack at his side he pulled out a small torch and slung the spear lanyard back over his shoulder. The others had no problem watching him climb down the ladder first. After a short climb down he splashed into ankle deep, rank water. Auron snarled a bit as he lit the torch, confident that he would soon become nose blind of the stench. There were worse smells than this, he knew that well.
Avah shrugged and moved over towards the hole. She made sure her rope length hair was coiled well around her shoulder and climbed down to join the Merc below. She coughed up a few short breaths and tried to breath through her mouth, gagged, and waved up at Dougeranth and Rovin. “Well, come on down boys,” she stifled a breath, “the water is fine.”
Wide shouldered Dougeranth. Mountain of a man. His hercule nature created a slight struggle for him as he descended down the hole but the entrance eventually opened up to the tunnel below. If he noticed the smell he did not react to it outwardly. “Oi, fellas. Doug keen on ‘oles of all sorts. This be the meat n taters of ‘em all!” His eyes were wide like a child in a sweets shop. Pupils dilating to the size of the tunnels he glanced down. His excitement surpassed the obvious. He glanced up, watching the beard clothed elf take the first few rungs down, then he reached out and plucked Rovin down from the ladder like a low hanging fruit. 
Rovin, eye-level in the hands of the great Dougeranth, stared at him bemused.
“Doug put you down now?”
The elf’s stoic glare took on a lighter, amused, tone. “If you would be so kind as to place me into the fecal waters….” 
Dougeranth began to lower him.
The elf spoke up once more in haste, “Sarcasm!”
Doug froze, not showing much acknowledgement of the word.
“If it's fine with you, Doug, I would like to ride on your back until the water level subsides.”
Without hesitation Dougeranth tossed Rovin over his back, the elf grabbed hold of his shoulders in alarm and resituated himself like a backpack. The ditch digger how grinned wide. “Doug good fer most than diggin ‘oles.”
A subtle frown developed on Avah’s face as she contemplated the purchase of her new traveling outfit. The sewer’s environment was just as expected of any sub-city sanitation system. Slow moving water ran to the ankle here but what if it’s depth or currents changed as they progressed? She avoided looking down for too long to minimize the sightings of occasional refuse and feces. The smell was bad enough… but just to look at it... She looked back up quickly and shivered in disgust. 
Auron noticed this, “No worries, madame, the worst is still yet to come.” his statement, like the sewers, reeked but of sarcasm.
Avah sighed, “Lets get a move on then.”
The party moved on through the intestines of Vernom towards great dangers yet to be made apparent.

Patsy waited impatiently. He had arrived at the Bandit King’s hideout brimming with information that was sure to lift his leader’s spirits. But when he arrived on the lower floor and made his way towards the Bandit King’s court he was held up by Gahrvy, the King’s trusted bodyguard. 
“Hold it right there cousin,” the battle hardened Gharvy held out a hand in gesture to stop.
Beyond the doorway Gahrvy guarded Patsy could make out the shouting of curse-words and the smashing of unknown objects. Coraam, King of the Bandits, was well known for his short fuse. Any time the Bandit King threw a tantrum he did so behind a guarded door. Sometimes unlucky visitors would also be in company of the mad King. Sometimes those in the company of Coraam would fall victim to his anger. Some left with cuts and bruises. Others, more unlucky, would leave in a cloth sack. 
Patsy did not have to be warned more than once. He had decided to catch up with some of the other boys on recent gossips. Enough time had passed, he had thought, when he arrived back at the entrance to the King’s chamber. Gahrvy was still posted near the door, but he had decided to relocate to a chair. He still sat upright but his eyes were closed. 
Patsy moved with care towards the door, placed his ear up to the wood, and heard the wrath of Coraam still raging on the other side.
“... And for fuck’s sake! These damned rodents! This… Shit pit is no place for a Bandit King! Yet here I remain, surrounded by mounting piles of dead rats and shit heads!”
A timid voice, a man’s tenor, crackled up, “... Now a few less shit heads, boss…”
The door shook from an unseen impact. The sound of shards and blocks of wood immediately followed. Patsy shot his head back for a second. Gahrvy awoke with a start. The two leaned in closer to eavesdrop further.
Coraam’s booming voice lowered, a great sigh of sarcasm following into a similar remark: “You know, Whestley, sometimes I wonder why I keep you in my company. Then I remember just how fucking insightful you are.” 
A weak and frightened chuckle from Whestley was barely audible to the eavesdroppers then it died out almost as fast as it started.
Coraam’s voice seemed to get louder, but not in the nature that he spoke but in the nature that he was walking straight towards the door. “Did it ever become apparent to you, after this whole time I have been venting, that I was already aware of that FACT….” the door shot open suddenly, Patsy and Gahrvy were forcefully knocked to the floor “... The hell? Patsy!... Gahrvy?”
Patsy moved his hand up to his head and scratched at it bashfully, “Well, boss, I had just got here and uh…”
Gahrvy rose, “I was tellin him you wern’t to be seen, boss. Said it was important, was trying to get in but I was keepin watch like you ordered.”
Patsy gasped. “Bull-shit. Look boss, we was merely ‘avin conversation, normal like, just too close to the door is all!”
Coraam, the bandit king, knew they were both full of it. No shits were given. He was not in the mood. “What the fuck do you want?”
A smile grew upon his face. “The ones that kilt our boys, boss.”
“Yes?”
“I found ‘em… and get this… get this, boss.”
“Out with it!” like a horn blast.
“They will be walking through our back garden.”
Coraam shivered and cleared his throat. He stood a head above all others. He had not been familiar with a bath since a few years ago when he had fallen into a river while on raids. Regardless of his haggard appearance he still seemed ‘dashing’. He kept a large machete blade exposed past his belt to his left. A skull of his dead lover dangled on a rope to his right. The one object in his possession that made his followers the most uneasy was that skull. The bandit king was not just violent, he was bat-shit-crazy. His aggressive stance began to lighten at the news. A smile grew on his face and he spoke to Patsy as if seeing a long lost brother. “Well, come on, get in here! Patsy, you have always been one of my favorites!” He grabbed Patsy by the back of his neck and ushered him inside. Slamming the door behind them. Gharvy sood on the other side, bewildered. 
Patsy looked around. Debris from a wooden chair lay beneath his feet. All around him pieces of lavish, stolen, furniture lay strewn about; like a pine forest after a tornado. At least twenty mouse traps were set out about the floor some bated most of them triggered. Even I’m not fond of the rats down here, he thought. Then he looked completely left. Beside the door, against the wall quivered the frail Whestley. His clothes were in tatters, a couple of bruises were on his body. He lay up against the wall. On the cold, damp, stone floor. He watched the bandit king slowly make his way towards a throne. One that was so elegant that it juxtaposed its derelict environment. Whestley slowly rose to his knees and crawled behind him. Cowering to the right of the bandit king like a battered dog.
Coraam sat gracefully and leaned forward. “Go ahead, take a seat wherever you like.”
Patsy looked around with a blank expression, all the chairs in the room were out of commission. He awkwardly sat down on the floor and looked up at his king. “They will be coming this way late tonight, boss. The group that killed our boys, I have been tracking them as promised… They shacked up at an inn. They knew who I was though, ya see? So I got one of our best informants to take a stroll by their table… Boss, fate be callin’ us to make right by our boys. Them clouts were drawing out a path to someplace they be heading underground…” He rummaged through his shirt pocket and pulled out a piece of dirty parchment paper. “This here be what the informant saw, drawn down. These guys are going to be heading right through the back gardens.” 
Coraam shivered again and he gestured for Patsy to stand and bring him this paper. Upon swift delivery Patsy took a few steps back and waited in silence, fists clenched in suspense. 
Coraam seemed exuberantly pleased and utterly disgusted at that same time. The ‘back gardens’ that Patsy referred to so casually was kind of a sick joke with all the bandits down here. In all honesty the back gardens was a fancied up term they used for the large chamber-way that was used to dump all the exterminated rats. Coraam crumpled up the piece of paper quite peacefully and stood, he seemed almost casual in his stroll towards one of the triggered rat traps, and let out a forceful kick sending both flying across the room. The bandit king instantly recoiled in a mixture of fear and disgust. He scraped his foot across the floor. Coraam the king of bandits disliked his rodent neighbors as much as he feared them. He let out another shiver but found resolve in his greater fortunes. “So the bastards that crossed me will come walking past my realm. We will crush them Patsy.”
“There is something else, boss.”
Coraam turned to face him.
“There is an elf in the group, and the little fucker has got more riches on him than any of our biggest jobs.”
Coraam only lingered on the back garden one last time before visions of buying his own land and fortress with such told riches. And the satisfaction of seeing his enemies fall before him. “Patsy, call all the boys down. Give everyone a couple hours to meet here. Looks like we got some big rats that need tossing in the garden tonight. No one fucks with my emotions like that…” his hand moved down to the skull at his side, “No one.”
Meanwhile, Rovin and company had traversed what they thought was the worst of the sewer systems thus far. The water line had reduced to practically nothing so the elfkind finally joined the rest on foot. 
Auron took up the front of the line, torch held out in his right hand, his boar spear half-ready in the other. He kept his torch side out and his armed left side obscured in his black and feathered cloak. 
Rovin and Dougeranth took up the middle. Rovin’s bare feet echoed sharp pattering down the passageways, taking double the steps to stay in pace with the others. 
Dougeranth hunched slightly, he loved digging holes but tunnels were different for him. A hole was open to the sky above, in tunnels… there was earth above him. It did not make him as uneasy as it did bring on an awkward and mysterious nostalgia. A feeling that he was unable to define with his intellectual handicap.
Avah kept the rear of the party. She rather liked it that way. Since they began traipsing down in these tepid tunnels there had been two occasions where Auron had stumbled into knee deep sewage. There was always a place to step outside of these filthy drops and so far she had avoided getting any more of the stink from this gods-forsaken place on her clothing. Avah sighed and mused that Auron had most likely rolled around in worse and that Doug was probably too ignorant to really care. Rovin got away with riding on Dougeranth for the most part. As much as she envied that perk she also feared that Doug was the most prone in the group, since Kimbal was no longer around (we’ll miss you, Bruise), to slip and fall back. All of a sudden the front began to slow. Avah looked intently forward, around the bulky Doug and towards Auron’s position. She did not know why her voice came out in a whisper but it did, “Hey, what's going on up there?”
Auron stopped completely and turned his head back towards the group. “The path begins to open up a little more here… You might not smell it now but, gods, it reeks of death up ahead. We will move forward but continue being as silent as possible as we enter here. Stop when I do. Avah, Rovin, put out your lights.” The time wisened merc kept his out and began to move forward again, slowly.
The ex-assassin had been right. The wayward group emptied out of the thin tunnel ways and in to a slightly wider chamber. He was also right about the smell and it was obvious now what the culprit was. Dead rats. Mounds and mounds of them. Dim light came from above where the busy city streets of Vernom were just an iron grate away, just out of arm's reach of even Dougeranth. Even what little ventilation there was could not clear out the almost palpable odor of death and decay in this place. There had to be hundreds of them, even thousands. 
Avah stifled a gag and held up a perfumed kerchief from her bag up to her nostrils. “Godawful.” 
Auron continued forward, the others followed. Then something began to creep up the back of his neck. He peered off into the obscured distance with a trained eye, past where his torchlight reached. He noticed slight movement in contrast to the stillness of the dark and he stopped. He held his torch above his head and further out. “Everyone, stop. There might just be some living vermin here, of the human variety.”
There was a short pause of silence and then suddenly soft and slow clapping began. A deep and violent voice spoke up, “Well, well, well.” Coraam was now extra livid, he was supposed to make a vermin joke about them. This dark, grizzled, man beat him to the punch and he seethed with jealousy now. Without any time to think of anything more clever to say he replied, “Looks like the real vermin are you… I am Coraam the Bandit King. This is my domain. You have crossed me once by slaying my own and now you dare waltz through my property….” He moved out of the darkness and into the outer rim of Auron’s torchlight. He seemed to get a little too close to a dead rat pile and feigned a slight step away from it. 
At first our group of adventurers wondered what he meant by claiming that they had already killed some of his kind. Well, they did kill some people recently. Some bandits even… Then another figure came out into the light and the group (excluding Dougeranth) were able to put it together. The Gap-toothed grin of Patsy was one they all found hard to forget. 
Auron rolled his eyes at the fact that he did not put any of this together until just now. He should have known leaving him alive once was bad enough, letting him walk out of the Inn that day was a second mistake. Auron was not displeased with his mistake because they would now have to face what he could only assume as impending physical combat. He was more displeased with the time they would be wasting here, knowing that their destination was further beyond and below. “Patsy, ya dumb fuck, could have let it go, but... So what is it you propose king of the bandits?”
Coraam removed the large machete from his belt and raised the hand that rested on a skull up to his mouth and produced a sharp whistle. It echoed down the foul waterways and the sounds of rustling came from all around them; from behind the tallest of dead rat piles and the surrounding darkness. The party was now fully encircled by numbers of ‘the rough and tumble’. Chains, maces, knives and any other pokey-hurty thing you could imagine were now brandished in their direction. The bandit king let out a maniacal laugh, Patsy and a few others joined him. He held out his machette towards Auron’s head and made a slicing motion. “I propose one simple thing… You all die here, and I pick your bodies and pockets clean, leaving you with these rodents… To rot.”
Avah did not restrain herself, “Actually, that's two things.”
With that Coraam let out a great battle cry, his cronies joined in and by the sound of it, there had to be at least twenty men down here with them now. 
Rovin and group were sharp enough to know that it was time to clench their assholes and arm up, prepare to fight for their lives. 
Avah reached down for her hand-scythe. The ivory handled heirloom stolen from her estranged father. She began to withdraw a part of herself, inside. Something the mysterious patriarch taught her. She felt a soft resonance between herself and the weapon. She was ready for anything.
Dougeranth hefted his great shovel, itching do do some sort of work. Deep inside he always felt overflowing energy. You would think the mountain of a man would think of things outside the urge to dig infinite amounts of holes but you would be wrong. The man was itching for some sort of action, always. He too was prepared to keep his new friends and employer safe.
Rovin stood there, not seeming much ready or not. Appearing to be more obsessed with the enigmatic thoughts that zipped around his own elf brian. It appeared to the party, and to anyone else looking, that the bearded child-like creature was someplace else entirely. Though the others might have had initial feelings of uneasiness from this, they still felt as if he too were ready. They at least hoped so.
Auron stood as he did before the shouts and the charge of the enemies around them. Stood there with his torch out, his polearm still calmly hidden behind him and the draping of his cloak. The Bandit King stood back, staring at the group as if watching chickens in a pen about to be slaughtered. 
At least five or more men from all directions advanced. Three, more motivated in the group, closed in towards the placid Auron. He stood there, not making even the slightest move. Till the quickest of the three got close enough to spit in his eye, a well used hatchet raised back as he came in to strike the hardened mercenary down. All of the sudden, Auron simple switched sides, he turned his left shoulder towards the man and his cloak shot back, the hatchet wielding bandit ran straight into the blade of the boar spear. The bandit’s violent cry soon became a painful one. The bandit off to the right was immediately distracted by the surprise attack. His mouth gaped open, astonished. He relaxed the iron bar in his hands. Before he could even think to look back towards the man that wielded the deadly spear the blade of said man’s longsword sliced into his neck. The gaze of astonishment turned to painful acknowledgement of mortality. The third held back on his advancement, along with a few others behind. Auron swept the skewered bandit to the side and his dying corpse collided with the idle assailant, knocking him to the ground and onto his own knife!
Dougeranth stepped off towards the left, his grand shovel poised all the way back ready to release a great swing. He lead out towards four advancing bandits with his left leg and brought all his strength and weight forward, focused through the head of his shovel. The sound of cracking ribs met with shouts of pain and surprise as all four men were swiftly, violently, bludgeoned backwards and to the ground. The first one died almost instantly as blood filled his lungs. The others had lost all will to stand, let alone try to get back up and face another pummel. 
Avah did not turn around to face her enemies. She felt them there, in the darkness, like flies in her web. She spun around, hand-scythe like a silent shadow. The blade moved faster than sound. It was as if darkness had become sharp and deadly. Three more bandits stopped, dead. The skin from their necks began to separate, like large paper cuts. Then hot blood began to spill forth as they fell to their knees and into oblivion. 
For just a few seconds there was silence. The advancing bandits in sight and those still in the darkness of the chamber grew wise. These guys were not mere hapless travelers. They were used to being feared, used to being the predators. This situation seemed different now, to all of them. Including the Bandit King. 
Coraam did not let his unease show though. He would speak courage into himself and his men once more. He noticed Patsy begin to slink back into the back ways and he swiftly grabbed hold of the man’s shirt and pulled him back towards his side. “So you know how to play well with others, I see. That might get you somewhere when fighting just a few of my men. Playtime is over though. You are outnumbered and surrounded by some of the nastiest bastards this world has ever created. Get ‘em boys! Tear them limb from limb! Bring me their heads!”
The chamber erupted in a cacophony of jeers. The entire remaining company of bandits moved forward. Coraam, himself, now moved in with his men. The elf and his friends were going to pay with their lives tonight.
Suddenly Rovin seemed to break free from his subconscious world and muttered something, “... honestly it could have used more salt…” He knelt down and placed his hand onto the slimy stone floor. He felt the brimming Rhun deep inside and he began to push it over the surface. An otherworldly, numbing, warmth spread like a growing bubble from where he was kneeling outward and across the entire chamber. Like invisible pollen from a great tree his Rhun settled into the piles of dead and rotting rats. 
Something strange and nightmarish began to happen. Coraam looked around him as the mounds of dead vermin began to writhe and wriggle. Something was moving them. No. Wait. There was absolutely no time to processes what was happening. It was not something moving in the mounds. It was the very ‘somethings’ that made up the mounds that were animated. Thousands of undead rats! Not one person could believe their eyes. Even Auron stood in amazement and grave fear over what he witnessed before his very eyes. With lightning speed the mounds began to flatten until the very floor that everyone stood upon was soon an ankle deep living river of undead rats.
Rovin spoke up once more his voice steady, calm, quiet. “Do not fear my friends. For this is my doing.”
Every bandit, including the fearless King of them, stood petrified in fear. The worst was yet to come though. Hundreds of the now “living” vermin crawled upon the legs of the men. They crawled upon their chests, backs, and heads. And they began to feed. The sound of thousands of gnawing rat teeth, tearing into flesh and eventually bone. The nightmarish screams of men now so desperate and wild that they sounded like howling animals. 
Coraam, driven more by his greatest desire to still live and fight another day, overcame his petrified fear and began to bash and swat at the undead monstrosities that crawled upon him. He immediately, without even looking behind him, hightailed it back from where he came. He ran down a thinning tunnelway and past a portcullis. As he passed the threshold he released the handle on the side wall and a stone slab came crashing down. As it did he caught sight of a desperate Patsy as he tried to get there in time, and failed. Behind him his men, all his men, looked as if the backdrop to some hellish world. The sound of stone locking with stone rang out and Coraam let out a sigh of relief. He was shaking all over. He crumpled down to the floor and began to cry hysterically. A psychotic killer reduced to a fearful child wishing for his mommy.
Even with the calm reassurance that they would be safe in the midsts of this hellish situation our heroes were never mentally prepared to witness such a desecration of reality, of life and death. To make matters worse, out of fear and disgust, Dougeranth began to shovel up patches of these rats near the group, sending them off towards the already infested men that surrounded them. Suddenly Rovin stood, his hand lifting up from the stone floor. He called his Rhun back, and like leaves falling all at once from a tree’s branches, the Reanimated rats fell once again lifeless to the floor. As did the dead and dying enemies that had once threatened them fell. Silence followed yet was soon broken by silent whimpering that came from across the way. Back where the bandits had come from, where the King made is retreat.
Auron recollected himself. Though now was not the time to go questioning the elf on his very nature, or an aspect of himself the elfkind did not deem important to familiarize them with beforehand, he decided to file his questions away for now. With solemn steps he made his way towards the sobs coming from a voice most familiar. 
Dougeranth stood, truly mystified and bewildered. He kicked at some of the dead rats here and there as if expecting some of them to still react. They were dead as the day they first passed. He scratched his head and shrugged.
Avah had just realized that she had been holding her breath during the entire scene. Partly because she no longer held a perfumed kerchief to her nostrils and also because what she had just seen literally left her breathless.
They noticed Auron’s movenent further down the room, something had piqued his interest. The others followed.
Patsy, the dog. Sobbing for his life in the fetal position up against the cold stone passageway. His king had left him behind. All his fellow bandits mercilessly slaughtered by an ungodly swarm of undead rodents. He was nearly petrified by fear and desperation.
Auron now stood before patsy. Like a predator to its prey his demeanor was that of a creature with no empathy. With intent of the kill at the forefront of his mind he spoke in a very stern, yet disturbingly calm tone. “Stand up, you dog.”
Patsy’s reply was more sniveling and pulling his knees closer to his chest. His sobs grew in power.
Auron spoke again, this time with great anger behind his words, “I said, stand the fuck up you shit eating worm!”
The cowering bandit spy made a sad attempt at slowly inching up against the corner, nearing a crouching position and not getting any higher.
The steady hand of Auron came down and pulled Patsy the rest of the way up. The bandit’s shoulders remained slack as if his arms were heavily weighted his battered and bruised face that once held a ruthless grin of confidence how a broken face of a man in fear for his life. Eyes cast to the mercenary's boots, Patsy dared not look to Auron’s face. 
The mercenary released patsy with a slight push rappelling something that obviously revolted him. “I should have killed you back on the road, a few missing teeth and a messed up face would have taught most men better but you… you are not a man. You are a pig. One that I deeply regret not sticking when I had the chance.”
Patsy knew his number was up. Auron had come to collect. He also knew that begging for his life would not save him but his shistey nature still held true. Maybe he could offer usefulness to the man before him, it had surely worked a number of times in the face of his King in the worst of moods. He mustered what little courage he had and tried to speak up. “But… But wait! I know my way down here… I know the pathways… I’m… sure I can guide you where you need to go…” He then looked up with a faint glint of hope in his eyes.
Auron stood there, silent for a moment. Patsy seemed to relax slightly, assuming that he bought some time yet. But then he looked directly into his Killer’s eye. A hand came out from behind the covering of Auron’s feathered cloak the distance between dagger and chin was swiftly covered. The penetration of cold, sharp, steel entered from below severing his wicked tongue and skewering the roof of his mouth. Sharp pain exploded from behind his eyes and vision became glossed over in red. The merc’s one steady eye glaring him into oblivion as the dagger was released and his life’s blood began to spill out. He felt a swift kick assist his fall into eternal darkness.
Auron cleaned off the blade and placed it back beneath his cloak. He then turned to the others, who stood in silence, and nodded towards them. As if to convey his only remorse was not finishing the job sooner and to rest assured that issue was finally laid to rest.
Rovin broke the silence, in an almost nonchalant manner, as he straightened himself up and produced a new orb of light above himself. He dug deep into his strawberry-blonde beard and pulled out their impromptu map given to them by the eccentric scribe. He looked it over for moment and handed it off to Auron. The merc took it, steadily. The Elf’s voice was cool and collected, as normal as normal can be. “About ten or fifteen feet due right we will come across a stairwell. We will take this down until we reach a platform leading further down a shaft. Horvul had mentioned that this elevating contraption was something reconstructed by his own research team many years ago. Since the accident he is not sure how well it has held up. That is, when we reach this platform we might need to continue down by using the emergency ladderway he has marked just so on the map.”
Avah spoke up, “Horvul? Oh, wait. Is that the scribe you guys spoke to? Hold up… Accident?” She knew from their brief conversation before there was potential for danger but they never extrapolated as to the nature of it.
Rovin did not seem to have much to say. None of them really knew what was going to be down there, in the old and mostly-forgotten ruins of the Earthenfolk.
Auron looked at her and shrugged. He began to pack up his pipe, seeing the one opportunity he had in a more open chamber to enjoy a quick toke.
Avah sighed, “You two are just overflowing with useful information. I can read you both like a book written by Dougy.”
Dougeranth perked up at the mentioning of his name, “Me don’t need books ta dig, pritty lady. Doug be fine with me shovel.” then he winked at them all.
The group collected their thoughts, their nerves and their resolve and moved on towards their ultimate goal. Down the long spiraling stairwell and further into the depths below the city of Vernom, where Rovin was hoping against hope and wishing upon wish that he would move ever closer to freeing himself of his primordial sin.
___The Finger Points Towards Madria___
Without any applicable knowledge of how to use mechanisms like that of the elevating platform, the group was forced to make their way down via ladder ways. The trek down proved to be tiring and tedious to every member of the party, omitting the muscular Dougeranth. Every few hundred rungs there lay a safety platform that the group used to take turns resting their weary muscles and tendons. Only the dim orb of light that floated near Rovin lit their descent. Much later than any of them desired, Auron was the first to make contact with the bottom level. The seasoned man let out a brief sigh of relief and moved aside as he assisted the others in their final steps down. 
Auron produced another torch from his pack and lit it with his flint and steel. The air was cool here. The fire from his torched whipped and licked in the air gently, leaning down the cavernous path beyond. It suggested that the subterranean air was not as still as he originally expected and he assumed that at the end of this tunnel they would be walking into a much more opened environment. 
His assumptions were more than correct. The tunnel eventually opened up to a cavern much wider than the eye could even see. Above them, an earthen ceiling that made the cathedral height of the Hall of Records pale in comparison. Every so often, far above them, small openings and fissures in the land above exposed gentle rays of light, like stars in a night sky. Though, from where they stood now, a vast ruined cityscape lay before them. Though ages of zero maintenance ravaged this place many of the buildings they could see seemed eerily intact. Formed by the hands of forgotten artisans, craftsmen, and builders these structures looked as if they were delicately and singularly formed like a potter using clay. Upon further inspection, though, one would notice that the very material of these constructs were made up of the very earth and surrounded them. Hauntingly beautiful this place was. The ruins of a once great civilization of a once great race of Nim. 
Rovin had been to this city once, long ago. When it was called Hegarom, after their patron god. When the Earthen folk still thrived here. Before the war of the Gods, the Second age. Before the people here closed themselves off from the rising human tide, digging ever deeper into the earth; encountering the mysterious race of the scaleless ones. Ever so slightly familiar in his memories, it was like walking into an old acquaintance’s home now long abandoned and haunted by spirits of the unknown. As if his brief visit here was only a figment of his imagination. It was sad to see the stark truth. That the people of Hegarom had fallen, along with their mighty father, into oblivion. What sank in even deeper to the elf was that when he had arrived here so long ago the way into the city was opened to the world, grand gates that welcomed all creations to share in its splendors. Such an entry demolished and laid to rest. Now, like creeping in from an air shaft to infiltrate a tomb, Rovin and his party intruded upon a place that begged to be left in peace.
Along the edge of the cliff, where they stood, Auron made his way until he motioned the others over. “Here, I have found a grand stairway to the city below. As marked on the map, the excavation sites go no further than a half a mile into the city. We will soon be traveling in uncharted territory. Keep your wits about you, and always be mindful of your surroundings in case we must make a hasty retreat…” He looked towards Rovin, “After you, elf.”
Rovin nodded, in his usual stoic manner, and began to walk the long and wide stairway down into the cavern city below. The rest followed. Each of them bothered with a range of pending anxiety towards uncertainty.